
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2320636307000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               17962255                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 32854057                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               54037164                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   282.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5074950087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9282392866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1194368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1194688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1089984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1089984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           18662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               18667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         17031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              17031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             20960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          78230240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              78251200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        71393164                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             71393164                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        71393164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            20960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         78230240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            149644364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       18667                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      17031                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     18667                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    17031                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1194560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1090176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1194688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1089984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15269354000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 18667                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                17031                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   17356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        25379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.022144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.332697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    51.053863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        18164     71.57%     71.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5293     20.86%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1172      4.62%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          495      1.95%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          148      0.58%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           65      0.26%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           27      0.11%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575            7      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            5      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        25379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          990                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.859596                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.776665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.777139                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                3      0.30%      0.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16              102     10.30%     10.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17              126     12.73%     23.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              197     19.90%     43.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              211     21.31%     64.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              173     17.47%     82.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              114     11.52%     93.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               39      3.94%     97.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               17      1.72%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24                7      0.71%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           990                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.206061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.175755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.016529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              396     40.00%     40.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               28      2.83%     42.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              532     53.74%     96.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               34      3.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    513215750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               863184500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   93325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27496.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46246.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        78.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        71.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     78.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     71.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6678                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3641                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     427736.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 93476880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 49687935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                68622540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               45883800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1213299360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1022948220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             29420160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4653530160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1034307840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         23309340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8234591835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            539.359811                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12946886625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     16990750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     513378000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     48563250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2693387750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1790068500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10204955875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 87736320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 46625370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                64645560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               43033680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1218831120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1002422520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             30633120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4441001100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1196934720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         55719120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8187807000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            536.295438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12986139875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     22609750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     515886000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    132720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3117446875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1739831000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9738850500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13155608                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13155608                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1352140                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10950476                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1081136                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            193182                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10950476                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2624499                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8325977                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       887643                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6954986                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2395454                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        83626                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        17859                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6531202                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2734                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7365969                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56205133                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13155608                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3705635                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21798038                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2706510                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        28                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        15611                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6528469                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               315021                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.003729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.672178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12236192     40.07%     40.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  519668      1.70%     41.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  919002      3.01%     44.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1325762      4.34%     49.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  615075      2.01%     51.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1146969      3.76%     54.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  977174      3.20%     58.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  495924      1.62%     59.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12298076     40.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.430841                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.840698                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5564151                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8508861                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13626965                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1480610                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1353255                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109479521                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1353255                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6635833                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6956752                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        268129                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13829294                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1490579                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102460808                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                34989                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                841937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                409711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115140622                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            254881563                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       140101582                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         18740915                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             49068904                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                66071746                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             32404                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         35020                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3568150                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9445364                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3316740                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           160388                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          166604                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89134885                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             213842                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 71160575                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           651870                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       46967115                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     68177976                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        213732                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.330548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.584276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13166662     43.12%     43.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2275197      7.45%     50.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2844186      9.31%     59.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2351383      7.70%     67.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2358824      7.73%     75.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2239784      7.34%     82.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2630065      8.61%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1613677      5.28%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1054064      3.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1433616     92.91%     92.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                80780      5.24%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4568      0.30%     98.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2107      0.14%     98.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            21328      1.38%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             562      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1771380      2.49%      2.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             54243317     76.23%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3141      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                76430      0.11%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4897501      6.88%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5199869      7.31%     93.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2601869      3.66%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2365332      3.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1736      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              71160575                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.330483                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1542961                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021683                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         160141408                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119004844                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60353748                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           14908416                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17311249                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6655778                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63470399                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7461757                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          237137                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5643933                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4164                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          288                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1602846                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3395                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1353255                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6107243                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                10255                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89348727                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            49042                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9445364                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3316740                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             88576                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5494                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2782                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           288                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        404644                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1295718                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1700362                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             68170955                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6920127                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2989621                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9314975                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6293929                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2394848                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.232574                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67558446                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     67009526                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49686763                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88653763                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.194538                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.560459                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       46967332                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1353091                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23376029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.813038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.422606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10696155     45.76%     45.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3069664     13.13%     58.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3496905     14.96%     73.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1886794      8.07%     81.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       950228      4.06%     85.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       793660      3.40%     89.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       324373      1.39%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       323670      1.38%     92.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1834580      7.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23376029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19225484                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              42381636                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5515328                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3801434                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4423112                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3201425                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39678027                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              384195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       707075      1.67%      1.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33700666     79.52%     81.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1176      0.00%     81.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           50161      0.12%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2407230      5.68%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3017430      7.12%     94.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1713894      4.04%     98.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       784004      1.85%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         42381636                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1834580                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110890417                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  185990285                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            133                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19225484                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42381636                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.588240                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.588240                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.629628                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.629628                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                87610092                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51603169                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10560365                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6248097                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36750339                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17992041                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22208159                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            21117                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             500844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            21117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.717574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33427513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33427513                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6610347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6610347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1703438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1703438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8313785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8313785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8313785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8313785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        27203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        37814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         37814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        37814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        37814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1997200000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1997200000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    998507500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    998507500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2995707500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2995707500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2995707500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2995707500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6637550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6637550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1714049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1714049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8351599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8351599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8351599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8351599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006191                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006191                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73418.372974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73418.372974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94101.168599                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94101.168599                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79222.179616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79222.179616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79222.179616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79222.179616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          134                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17469                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            17469                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        16159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        16159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        16680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        16680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    931679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    931679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    945504500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    945504500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1877183500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1877183500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1877183500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1877183500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005887                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005887                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84360.648316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84360.648316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93707.086224                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93707.086224                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88822.915681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88822.915681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88822.915681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88822.915681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1258                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.516474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             119825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            95.250397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.516474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26115150                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26115150                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6527155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6527155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6527155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6527155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6527155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6527155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17073500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17073500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17073500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17073500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17073500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17073500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6528469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6528469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6528469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6528469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6528469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6528469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12993.531202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12993.531202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12993.531202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12993.531202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12993.531202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12993.531202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15564000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15564000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12216.640502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12216.640502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12216.640502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12216.640502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12216.640502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12216.640502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18669                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       20281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.086346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       19.388934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        15.623261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16348.987805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    376565                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   376565                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            17469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1258                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1258                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1253                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1253                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2372                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2372                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1253                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2456                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3709                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9991                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9991                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8671                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            8671                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              18662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  18667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             18662                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 18667                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    929259500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     929259500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       463500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       463500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    889678500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    889678500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       463500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1818938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1819401500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       463500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1818938000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1819401500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1258                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1258                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10075                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10075                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1258                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1258                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        11043                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         11043                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            21118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                22376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           21118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               22376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.437500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.437500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991663                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.991663                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003975                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.003975                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.785203                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.785203                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.003975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.883701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.834242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.003975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.883701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.834242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93009.658693                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93009.658693                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92700                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        92700                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102603.909584                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102603.909584                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97467.474011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97466.197032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97467.474011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97466.197032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                17031                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     17031                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9991                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9991                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8671                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         8671                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         18662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             18667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            18667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       141500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       141500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    829359500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    829359500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       413500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       413500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    802968500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    802968500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       413500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1632328000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1632741500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       413500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1632328000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1632741500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.785203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.785203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.834242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.834242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20214.285714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20214.285714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83010.659594                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83010.659594                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        82700                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        82700                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92603.909584                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92603.909584                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        82700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87468.009860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87466.732737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        82700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87468.009860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87466.732737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         37333                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18668                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8676                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17031                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9991                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9990                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8676                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        55999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        55999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  55999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2284608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2284608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2284608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             18674                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   18674    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               18674                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           109970000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          101256750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        44783                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        22378                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           62                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             11                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             12317                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34500                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1258                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              16                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             16                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10075                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10074                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1274                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11043                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        63384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 67174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       161024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2469504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2630528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18685                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1091008                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            41077                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001850                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.042974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  41001     99.81%     99.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     76      0.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              41077                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           41118500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1911000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          31683500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
