
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5175629658375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              124038715                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                230245788                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              331794779                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5707567320                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10594624370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12363008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12363008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        29504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           29504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         809768084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             809768084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1932491                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1932491                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1932491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        809768084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            811700575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193170                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        461                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193170                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      461                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12359296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   29824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12362880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                29504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267267000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193170                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  461                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.567029                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.594775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.800658                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42588     43.85%     43.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43761     45.06%     88.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9331      9.61%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1260      1.30%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          138      0.14%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6803.827586                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6574.820278                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1843.323979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      3.45%      3.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            2      6.90%     10.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      3.45%     13.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            4     13.79%     27.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3     10.34%     37.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            3     10.34%     48.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            4     13.79%     62.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     10.34%     72.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     10.34%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      6.90%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.45%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      3.45%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      3.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.068966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.065116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.371391                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               28     96.55%     96.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      3.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4768561250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8389448750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  965570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24692.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43442.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       809.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    809.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96064                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     403                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78847.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346489920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184148580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               689674020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 783000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1623686040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             23890560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5219194170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        76344000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9368904690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.656482                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11643814750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9050500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    199071500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3104855250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11444766875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                346896900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184402845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               689174220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1649520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1622581380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24441600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5186730960                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       104060640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9365247105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.416913                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11645919500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9406500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    270809625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3102139500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11375128500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1467209                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1467209                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            63479                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1167173                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  47505                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7218                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1167173                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            617957                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          549216                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        23321                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     716154                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      55662                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       145676                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1005                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1187607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3502                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1218263                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4357410                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1467209                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            665462                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29172706                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 129224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 850                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        32977                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1184105                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7645                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      2                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30490645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.287885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.354555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28807059     94.48%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   26193      0.09%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  579110      1.90%     96.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   28322      0.09%     96.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  120977      0.40%     96.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   70878      0.23%     97.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   84357      0.28%     97.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   26006      0.09%     97.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  747743      2.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30490645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.048051                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.142704                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  601876                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28724937                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   798448                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               300772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 64612                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7238528                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 64612                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  694881                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27474870                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13126                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   932652                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1310504                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6932888                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                75911                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1004116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                254449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8268735                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19158603                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9174130                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            38295                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3015712                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5252927                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               279                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           360                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1906852                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1219712                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              81242                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3775                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4735                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6553742                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4717                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4779372                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6928                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4049181                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8156034                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4717                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30490645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.156749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.725343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28523719     93.55%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             795457      2.61%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             411238      1.35%     97.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             277957      0.91%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             271114      0.89%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              90321      0.30%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              73736      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              27733      0.09%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              19370      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30490645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  11825     68.88%     68.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1153      6.72%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3803     22.15%     97.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  263      1.53%     99.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               94      0.55%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              30      0.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17584      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3925473     82.13%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1118      0.02%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                10759      0.23%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              15134      0.32%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              746826     15.63%     98.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              59857      1.25%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2511      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           110      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4779372                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.156523                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      17168                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003592                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40036449                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10577534                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4577870                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              37036                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             30110                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        16586                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4759915                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  19041                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5239                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       758695                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          181                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        50669                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           41                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1124                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 64612                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25460469                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               267200                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6558459                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4068                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1219712                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               81242                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1743                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17063                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                65891                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         32948                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        39232                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               72180                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4689451                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               715907                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            89921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      771543                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  569164                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     55636                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.153578                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4611073                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4594456                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3349042                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5377707                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.150467                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.622764                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4049846                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            64609                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29912576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.083885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.535919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28827771     96.37%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       495220      1.66%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       124401      0.42%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       327580      1.10%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53932      0.18%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28073      0.09%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7085      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4272      0.01%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        44242      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29912576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1256335                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2509205                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        491582                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       461009                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    443520                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     12762                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2496615                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5400                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3728      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1993787     79.46%     79.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            216      0.01%     79.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            9080      0.36%     79.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         10812      0.43%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         459059     18.29%     98.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         30573      1.22%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1950      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2509205                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                44242                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36427385                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13698078                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            323                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          44043                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1256335                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2509205                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             24.304575                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       24.304575                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.041145                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.041145                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4832803                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3976758                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    29089                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   14474                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2976507                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1307896                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2436278                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           236658                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             318004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           236658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.343728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          894                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3185462                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3185462                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       286250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         286250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        29583                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         29583                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       315833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          315833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       315833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         315833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       420378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       420378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          990                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          990                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       421368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        421368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       421368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       421368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34437948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34437948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40078998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40078998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34478026998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34478026998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34478026998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34478026998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       706628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       706628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        30573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        30573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       737201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       737201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       737201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       737201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.594907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.594907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.571578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.571578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.571578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.571578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81921.385039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81921.385039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40483.836364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40483.836364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81824.027923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81824.027923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81824.027923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81824.027923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19118                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              762                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.089239                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2296                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2296                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       184698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       184710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184710                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       184710                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       235680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       236658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       236658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       236658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       236658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19159616500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19159616500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38195998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38195998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19197812498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19197812498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19197812498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19197812498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.333528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031989                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031989                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.321022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.321022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81295.046249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81295.046249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39055.212679                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39055.212679                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81120.488207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81120.488207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81120.488207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81120.488207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4736420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4736420                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1184105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1184105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1184105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1184105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1184105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1184105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1184105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1184105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1184105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1184105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1184105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1184105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193179                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      269669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.395954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.856042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.143958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          900                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9989                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3977355                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3977355                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2296                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2296                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               692                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   692                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         42796                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             42796                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                43488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    43488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               43488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   43488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192884                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192884                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29155000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      29155000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18328904500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18328904500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18358059500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18358059500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18358059500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18358059500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2296                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2296                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           978                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               978                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       235680                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        235680                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           236658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               236658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          236658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              236658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.292434                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.292434                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.818415                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.818415                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.816241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.816241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.816241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.816241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101940.559441                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101940.559441                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95025.530889                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95025.530889                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95035.769012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95035.769012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95035.769012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95035.769012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192884                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192884                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26295000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26295000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16400064500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16400064500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16426359500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16426359500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16426359500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16426359500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.292434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.818415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.818415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.816241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.816241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.816241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.816241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91940.559441                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91940.559441                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85025.530889                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85025.530889                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85035.769012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85035.769012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85035.769012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85035.769012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        386333                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193170                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192885                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192702                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       579504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       579504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 579504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12392448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12392448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12392448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193170                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193170    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193170                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           455866500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1044379750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       473316                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       236658                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          566                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             16                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            235680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2757                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          427080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              978                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             978                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       235680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       709974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                709974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15293056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15293056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193179                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     29504                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           429837                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001356                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 429255     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    581      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             429837                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          238954000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         354987000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
