
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10412328693250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               63408818                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                118398977                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              157356446                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    97.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6152171694                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11487534451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9956800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9982720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9913280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9913280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154895                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154895                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1697741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         652163200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             653860941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1697741                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1697741                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649312671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649312671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649312671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1697741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        652163200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1303173613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155980                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154895                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155980                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154895                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9982720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9912448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9982720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9913280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             10011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267438000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155980                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154895                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    722.696890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   559.853684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   362.550959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2097      7.62%      7.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2606      9.47%     17.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2041      7.41%     24.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1364      4.95%     29.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1544      5.61%     35.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1280      4.65%     39.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1718      6.24%     45.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1303      4.73%     50.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13575     49.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.125620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.075699                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.554656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               8      0.08%      0.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             41      0.42%      0.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           111      1.15%      1.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9360     96.77%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           109      1.13%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            26      0.27%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             4      0.04%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             5      0.05%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.013441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.220041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9630     99.57%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               12      0.12%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.12%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               11      0.11%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2878243500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5802868500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  779900000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18452.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37202.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       653.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    653.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142421                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140913                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49111.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98839020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52534185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               558819240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404758800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         749860800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1489328490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62541120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2102580090                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       318188160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1583773380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7421228565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.085105                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11838260625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46088250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317812000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6398858250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    828585000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3065147750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4610852875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97710900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51934575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554877960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403725240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         754777920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1510088460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64186560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2078792280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       334653600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1575704400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7426451895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            486.427229                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11787234375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     45657500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     319904000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6358351625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    871522250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3113100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4558808750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1337546                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1337546                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7913                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1328229                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4363                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               880                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1328229                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1285019                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           43210                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5438                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     501367                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1320599                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          859                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2636                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      65314                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          250                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             92219                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6057720                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1337546                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1289382                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30399492                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1016                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           19                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    65168                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2345                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.401605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.678002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28640210     93.90%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   56837      0.19%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   60598      0.20%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  325713      1.07%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   37901      0.12%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   12048      0.04%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12109      0.04%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   35858      0.12%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1319842      4.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043804                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.198388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  433168                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28521746                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   727486                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               810488                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8228                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12171666                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8228                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  717022                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 292088                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15244                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1252687                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28215847                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12131659                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 24349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27907555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15587651                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25571108                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        14001185                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           449830                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15257125                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  330526                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               139                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           150                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4852359                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              513955                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1329816                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30673                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           22626                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12058566                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                892                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11981137                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2186                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         212303                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       309477                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           744                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.392810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.297032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27299835     89.50%     89.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             508666      1.67%     91.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             553546      1.81%     92.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             362445      1.19%     94.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             314628      1.03%     95.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1039416      3.41%     98.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             170736      0.56%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             216716      0.71%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              35128      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 105017     94.35%     94.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  605      0.54%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1070      0.96%     95.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  224      0.20%     96.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4186      3.76%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             203      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5612      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             10028569     83.70%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  93      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  323      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             119707      1.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              435140      3.63%     88.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1268395     10.59%     98.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69492      0.58%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53806      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11981137                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.392378                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     111305                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009290                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54031232                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11968083                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11685970                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             545649                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            303922                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       267476                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11811559                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 275271                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2559                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29205                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          256                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15004                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          641                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8228                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  71764                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               172822                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           12059458                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1033                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               513955                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1329816                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               386                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   501                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               172086                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           256                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2306                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7538                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9844                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11962640                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               501139                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18497                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1821716                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1305856                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1320577                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.391772                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11957263                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11953446                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8764476                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12110494                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.391471                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.723709                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         212553                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             8038                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30467498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.388846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.338603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27394150     89.91%     89.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       389263      1.28%     91.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326837      1.07%     92.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1133562      3.72%     95.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        69160      0.23%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       622617      2.04%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       104655      0.34%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        32155      0.11%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       395099      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30467498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5830088                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11847155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1799562                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       484750                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1297742                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    261074                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11706536                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3220      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9927620     83.80%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             70      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        116407      0.98%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         418584      3.53%     88.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1261613     10.65%     98.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66166      0.56%     99.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53199      0.45%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11847155                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               395099                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42132107                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24153613                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            320                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          33572                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5830088                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11847155                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.237432                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.237432                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.190933                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.190933                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13732855                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9112238                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   415061                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  212664                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6511791                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6055836                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4442880                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155626                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1519439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.763401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          827                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7405082                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7405082                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       492659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         492659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1160855                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1160855                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1653514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1653514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1653514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1653514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       153970                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153970                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    451224500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    451224500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13891156498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13891156498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14342380998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14342380998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14342380998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14342380998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       497539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       497539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1314825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1314825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1812364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1812364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1812364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1812364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.087648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.087648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92464.036885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92464.036885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90219.890225                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90219.890225                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90288.832219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90288.832219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90288.832219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90288.832219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14028                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1580                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              183                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    76.655738                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   526.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153961                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       153961                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    174510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    174510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13736519998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13736519998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13911029998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13911029998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13911029998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13911029998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117096                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117096                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104559.616537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104559.616537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89220.776677                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89220.776677                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89385.272749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89385.272749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89385.272749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89385.272749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.282259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1932896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2580.635514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.282259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           261424                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          261424                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        64252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          64252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        64252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           64252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        64252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          64252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66842499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66842499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66842499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66842499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66842499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66842499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        65168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        65168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        65168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        65168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        65168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        65168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72972.160480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72972.160480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72972.160480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72972.160480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72972.160480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72972.160480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           30                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           15                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     50162500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50162500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     50162500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50162500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     50162500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50162500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66705.452128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66705.452128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66705.452128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66705.452128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66705.452128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66705.452128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156616                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.641588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        34.919169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16294.439244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8538                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6924                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2658448                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2658448                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154383                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154383                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          749                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              749                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            343                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                343                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 343                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  51                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          153941                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              153941                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          405                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              405                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1634                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1634                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               405                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13505411000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13505411000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45402500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     45402500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    171562000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    171562000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45402500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13676973000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13722375500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45402500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13676973000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13722375500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154383                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154383                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          749                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          749                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        153957                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            153957                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          748                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            748                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1669                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1669                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999896                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999896                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541444                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.541444                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.979029                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.979029                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.541444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.541444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87731.085286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87731.085286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112104.938272                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112104.938272                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104995.104039                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104995.104039                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112104.938272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87912.408806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87975.224388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112104.938272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87912.408806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87975.224388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154896                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154896                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153941                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         153941                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          405                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1634                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1634                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11965991000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11965991000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41352500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41352500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    155222000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155222000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41352500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12121213000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12162565500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41352500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12121213000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12162565500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.541444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.979029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77731.020326                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77731.020326                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102104.938272                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102104.938272                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94995.104039                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94995.104039                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102104.938272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77912.344528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77975.160277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102104.938272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77912.344528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77975.160277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312081                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156114                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2039                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154895                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            153941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           153942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2039                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19896064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19896064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19896064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155980                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155980    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155980                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           932348500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          820374750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312757                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156375                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          103                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            577                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          577                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          749                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2963                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           153957                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          153957                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1669                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       466886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        95808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19840576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19936384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156620                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9913600                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312998                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002173                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312318     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    680      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312998                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311510500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1128000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233442497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
