
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1618338477250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               16042954                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 29238715                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               67960847                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1247872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   224.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3604035015                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    6568451131                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         909184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             909184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       856512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          856512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           14206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               14206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         13383                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              13383                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          59550895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              59550895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        56100917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             56100917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        56100917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         59550895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            115651811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       14206                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      13383                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     14206                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    13383                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 909184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  856320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  909184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               856512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267407000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 14206                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                13383                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   14206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         5998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    294.348783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.772767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   290.047940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2426     40.45%     40.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          785     13.09%     53.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          581      9.69%     63.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1442     24.04%     87.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           61      1.02%     88.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           59      0.98%     89.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      0.65%     89.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           74      1.23%     91.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          531      8.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         5998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          745                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.064430                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.449390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      9.439743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           735     98.66%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31             1      0.13%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47             1      0.13%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63             1      0.13%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79             1      0.13%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87             1      0.13%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             1      0.13%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.13%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            3      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           745                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.959732                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.957615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.266377                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               12      1.61%      1.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                6      0.81%      2.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              727     97.58%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    328320000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               594682500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   71030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23111.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41861.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        59.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        56.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     59.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     56.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    10317                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   11272                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     553387.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    78.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 13773060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  7320555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                45945900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               29519100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1034439120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            413846220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             56577120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2962717500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1155516000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1322749500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7042780605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            461.297037                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14210952625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    100650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     439692000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4705280250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3009122250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     515602500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6496997125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 29045520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 15441855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                55484940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               40324500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1275992640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            793772880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             60980640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3853361310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1366111200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        498668880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7989324615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            523.294985                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13365626875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    104694500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     541650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1359569500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3557616250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1253432000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8450381875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                5270157                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5270157                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           112343                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4489570                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 726729                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4489570                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2591202                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1898368                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          120                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    8914013                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2111796                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          230                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6312109                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6394903                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      46696988                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    5270157                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3317931                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     24027333                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 224904                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6312109                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                29630                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.670399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.357591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                16649588     54.53%     54.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  646686      2.12%     56.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1688534      5.53%     62.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  726538      2.38%     64.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1084873      3.55%     68.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1647762      5.40%     73.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  595074      1.95%     75.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  777389      2.55%     78.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 6718244     22.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.172596                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.529309                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 4156498                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             15629767                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6259911                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              4376060                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                112452                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              78077651                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                112452                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 5838854                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5682977                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8896602                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             10003803                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              77377054                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               206095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               8974331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           83283494                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            183869968                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        60638609                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         75298208                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70318157                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                12965363                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 23093083                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9529042                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2120462                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           429780                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           98038                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  76766024                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70890857                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              329                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       11044927                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     15876336                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.321650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.969206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            6453775     21.14%     21.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5935919     19.44%     40.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5660799     18.54%     59.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4888716     16.01%     75.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3025155      9.91%     85.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1978736      6.48%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1538699      5.04%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             682414      2.23%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             370475      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    160      0.16%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               101949     99.13%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   334      0.32%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   79      0.08%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             320      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             6199      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             36921051     52.08%     52.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     52.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     52.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           22962061     32.39%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1959263      2.76%     87.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1480231      2.09%     89.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        6929666      9.78%     99.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        632386      0.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70890857                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.321650                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     102842                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001451                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          97696172                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         37947067                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33493668                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           74723401                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          49863993                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     37132088                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              33574661                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               37412839                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          418062                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1436826                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          109                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        28466                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                112452                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3410335                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               158209                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           76766024                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9529042                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2120462                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                144593                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           109                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         87329                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        25109                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              112438                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             70635908                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              8887822                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           254949                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    10999618                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4717537                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2111796                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.313300                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      70631633                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     70625756                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 52642061                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 92542694                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.312968                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.568841                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       11044927                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           112343                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29124258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.256576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.860737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10898860     37.42%     37.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7529545     25.85%     63.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1064351      3.65%     66.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2862871      9.83%     76.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1160467      3.98%     80.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210720      0.72%     81.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       419557      1.44%     82.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       561655      1.93%     84.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4416232     15.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29124258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            37016676                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65721111                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      10184210                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8092210                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4598114                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  33981907                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 40800779                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              625481                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5972      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        34161569     51.98%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      21369360     32.52%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1943578      2.96%     87.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1466515      2.23%     89.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      6148632      9.36%     99.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       625485      0.95%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65721111                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              4416232                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   101474064                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  154942526                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   37016676                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65721111                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.824890                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.824890                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.212283                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.212283                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                56245181                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               28651971                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 64680826                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                33260790                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 20658449                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                13442572                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               24175415                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14229                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1102968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            77.515497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          663                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         42366033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        42366033                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8481651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8481651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2092000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2092000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10573651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10573651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10573651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10573651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        14300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        14300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         14300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        14300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        14300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1360970000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1360970000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1360970000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1360970000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1360970000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1360970000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8495951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8495951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2092000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2092000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10587951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10587951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10587951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10587951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95172.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95172.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95172.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95172.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95172.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95172.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13393                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            13393                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1341758000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1341758000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1341758000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1341758000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1341758000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1341758000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94297.420760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94297.420760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94297.420760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94297.420760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94297.420760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94297.420760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         25248436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        25248436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6312109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6312109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6312109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6312109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6312109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6312109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6312109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6312109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6312109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6312109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6312109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6312109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     14206                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       14204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     14206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.999859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.092116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.111633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.796251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          838                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    241870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   241870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13393                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            13393                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            23                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                23                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                       23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  23                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                      23                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        14206                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           14206                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              14206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  14206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             14206                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 14206                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1320165500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1320165500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1320165500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1320165500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1320165500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1320165500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13393                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13393                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        14229                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         14229                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            14229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                14229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           14229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               14229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998384                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998384                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.998384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.998384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92930.135154                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92930.135154                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92930.135154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92930.135154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92930.135154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92930.135154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                13383                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     13383                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14206                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        14206                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         14206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             14206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            14206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1178105500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178105500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1178105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1178105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82930.135154                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82930.135154                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82930.135154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82930.135154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82930.135154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82930.135154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         28411                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14205                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13383                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         14206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        42617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        42617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  42617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1765696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1765696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1765696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             14206                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   14206    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               14206                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            85398500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           75654500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        28458                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14229                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14229                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1659                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14229                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        42687                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 42687                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1767808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1767808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           14206                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    856512                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            28435                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000035                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005930                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  28434    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              28435                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           27622000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          21343500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
