
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2671785221875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               72418635                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                133965040                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              202541876                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    75.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5458821658                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10098110053                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9607296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9607424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       161664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          161664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          150114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              150116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          2526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               2526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         629270941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             629279325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        10588875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             10588875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        10588875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        629270941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            639868200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      150115                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       2526                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    150115                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     2526                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9582976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   24384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  161664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9607360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               161664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    381                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              7806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              7774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              7915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              8890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             8638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             8741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             8301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             7933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267324000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                150115                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 2526                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  116973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        89729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    108.604353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.492890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    68.076309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        51347     57.22%     57.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        32689     36.43%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4981      5.55%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          530      0.59%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          100      0.11%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           29      0.03%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        89729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     958.096154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    921.967642                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    260.871388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.64%      0.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.64%      1.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      3.21%      4.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      6.41%     10.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           10      6.41%     17.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           10      6.41%     23.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           12      7.69%     31.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           23     14.74%     46.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           12      7.69%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023           12      7.69%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087           14      8.97%     70.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151           13      8.33%     78.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            9      5.77%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            7      4.49%     89.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      2.56%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.28%     92.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            6      3.85%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      1.28%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.64%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.192308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.182235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.591503                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              141     90.38%     90.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               15      9.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3899228250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              6706740750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  748670000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26041.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44791.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       627.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        10.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    629.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     10.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    60537                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1996                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 40.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     100021.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    41.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                339171420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                180262500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               569914800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                7542900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1478204940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24997920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5315132010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       116957280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9236878170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            605.008841                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11960952000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9936000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    304750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2786822750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11656235375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                301479360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                160259055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               499185960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                5642820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1322543640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             25033920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5401295490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       175445760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9096195045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            595.794198                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12302243000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10291250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    456903000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2444664500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11845625375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3567803                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3567803                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           221480                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2917564                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 207478                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             29295                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2917564                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1346902                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1570662                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       104671                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1859031                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     325711                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       276708                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         5638                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2634878                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14874                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2747004                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      11871770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3567803                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1554380                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     27376136                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 452790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                3450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       115468                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2620004                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                43512                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     12                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30470733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.787965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.191383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                26217213     86.04%     86.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   92385      0.30%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1039182      3.41%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  141811      0.47%     90.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  294188      0.97%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  241503      0.79%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  211073      0.69%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  104034      0.34%     93.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2129344      6.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30470733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.116844                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.388796                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1679095                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             25467778                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2538524                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               558941                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                226395                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              20526995                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                226395                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1918115                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               23699654                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         62704                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2744321                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1819544                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              19497426                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               128683                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1401270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                290030                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  5468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           23101373                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             52288477                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        27261289                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           231216                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              8333648                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                14767726                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               910                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1226                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3043312                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2982773                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             464723                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            21959                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           20708                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  17885151                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              25065                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 13499150                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            32469                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       11012263                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19941729                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         25064                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30470733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.443020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.283026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           25901442     85.00%     85.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1394864      4.58%     89.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             885662      2.91%     92.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             648523      2.13%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             710909      2.33%     96.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             378712      1.24%     98.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             302612      0.99%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             149547      0.49%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              98462      0.32%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30470733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  67949     75.96%     75.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     75.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     75.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 7215      8.07%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     84.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 11813     13.21%     97.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1529      1.71%     98.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              916      1.02%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              33      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            81787      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             10912197     80.84%     81.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                7122      0.05%     81.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                71127      0.53%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              88890      0.66%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1970112     14.59%     97.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             348633      2.58%     99.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          19203      0.14%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            79      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              13499150                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.442092                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      89455                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006627                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          57365406                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         28736927                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12685364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             225551                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            185566                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        99093                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              13390482                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 116336                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           30214                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1925743                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1021                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       253048                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          297                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1664                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                226395                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               20290833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               335507                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           17910216                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            14227                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2982773                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              464723                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              8959                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 34269                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                84634                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         99127                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       167521                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              266648                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             13100938                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1857306                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           398212                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     2182930                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1451555                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    325624                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.429051                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      12874428                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     12784457                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  9548929                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 15704956                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.418686                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.608020                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       11013583                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           226386                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28836832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.239206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.992155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26338339     91.34%     91.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       991224      3.44%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       316300      1.10%     95.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       633454      2.20%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       162374      0.56%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       111581      0.39%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        37533      0.13%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        27048      0.09%     99.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       218979      0.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28836832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             3461813                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               6897953                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1268705                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1057030                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1023973                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     84964                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  6812001                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               37404                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        25715      0.37%      0.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         5466969     79.25%     79.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1496      0.02%     79.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           62468      0.91%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         72600      1.05%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1044666     15.14%     96.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        211675      3.07%     99.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        12364      0.18%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          6897953                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               218979                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    46529389                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   37467050                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            710                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          63955                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    3461813                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      6897953                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              8.820433                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        8.820433                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.113373                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.113373                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                15158531                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               11078933                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   173377                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   86693                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  7517610                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 3730846                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                6186172                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           396727                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1148397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           396727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.894678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          538                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8474755                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8474755                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1096401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1096401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       209393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        209393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1305794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1305794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1305794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1305794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       711431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       711431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         2282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       713713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        713713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       713713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       713713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33128675000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33128675000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    208113000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    208113000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33336788000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33336788000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33336788000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33336788000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1807832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1807832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       211675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       211675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2019507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2019507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2019507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2019507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.393527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.393527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010781                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010781                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.353410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.353410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.353410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.353410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46566.251681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46566.251681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91197.633655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91197.633655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46708.954440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46708.954440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46708.954440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46708.954440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        46966                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1615                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.081115                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             7716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       316957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       316957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       316987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       316987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       316987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       316987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       394474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       394474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       396726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       396726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       396726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       396726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17490052500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17490052500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    203136000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    203136000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17693188500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17693188500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17693188500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17693188500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.218203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010639                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010639                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.196447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.196447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44337.655967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44337.655967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90202.486679                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90202.486679                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44598.005929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44598.005929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44598.005929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44598.005929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  4                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             1.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         10480019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        10480019                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2620001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2620001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2620001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2620001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2620001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2620001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2620004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2620004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2620004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2620004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2620004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2620004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        75000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        75000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       222000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    150186                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      652697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    150186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.345924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        9.171274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.200647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16374.628079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          956                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8084                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   6497858                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  6497858                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7716                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             7716                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               212                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   212                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        246401                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            246401                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               246613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   246614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              246613                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  246614                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            2040                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                2040                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       148073                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          148073                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             150113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 150115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            150113                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                150115                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    197446000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     197446000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       207000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14239644000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  14239644000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14437090000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      14437297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14437090000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     14437297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7716                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7716                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          2252                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2252                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       394474                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        394474                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           396726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               396729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          396726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              396729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.905861                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.905861                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.375368                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.375368                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.378380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.378382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.378380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.378382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96787.254902                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96787.254902                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96166.377395                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96166.377395                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96174.814973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96174.912567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96174.814973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96174.912567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2526                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2526                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           91                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            91                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2040                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           2040                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       148073                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       148073                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        150113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            150115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       150113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           150115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    177046000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177046000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       187000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       187000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12758894000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12758894000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       187000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12935940000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12936127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       187000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12935940000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12936127000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.905861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.905861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.375368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.378380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.378382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.378380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.378382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86787.254902                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86787.254902                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86166.242326                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86166.242326                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86174.681740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86174.779336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86174.681740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86174.779336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        300229                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       150114                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             148077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           147588                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        148075                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       450346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       450346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 450346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9769152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      9769152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 9769152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            150115                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  150115    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              150115                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           357470500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          818793500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       793459                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       396730                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           74                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            162                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          152                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            394478                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10242                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          536671                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2252                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2252                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       394474                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1190180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1190189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25884352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               25884736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          150186                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    161664                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           546915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000450                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 546679     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    226      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     10      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             546915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          404448500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         595090500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
