
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4091648225500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              105650608                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                195867367                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              287260528                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5615124621                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10409971995                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12444224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12444224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        37696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           37696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         815087673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             815087673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2469061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2469061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2469061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        815087673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            817556734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194440                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        589                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194440                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      589                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12440000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4160                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   36864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12444160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                37696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     65                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267240000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194440                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  589                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.478438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.371213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.326223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41931     43.18%     43.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44299     45.61%     88.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9378      9.66%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1312      1.35%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          155      0.16%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5303.611111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5170.584868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1195.784507                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      2.78%      2.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            2      5.56%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            2      5.56%     13.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            3      8.33%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            8     22.22%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            5     13.89%     58.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            7     19.44%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            5     13.89%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      2.78%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      2.78%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      2.78%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               36    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4740070750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8384602000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  971875000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24386.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43136.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       814.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    815.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97347                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     488                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78281.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349124580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185567910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               699327300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2719620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1633047150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24573120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5193985350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        89006880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9382660950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.557507                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11620590375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    231441500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3127240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11389202625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                344283660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182987310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               688517340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 287100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1610722530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24643200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5188016310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       112763040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9357529530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.911418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11671253000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    293647750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3076084875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11377971500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1715624                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1715624                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            80131                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1401107                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  62090                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9335                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1401107                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            706193                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          694914                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        29547                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     807728                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      67205                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       149256                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1393                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1371285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5899                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1408552                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5133033                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1715624                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            768283                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28934913                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 164082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1339                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        50418                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1365386                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                10269                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30479370                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.339748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.471363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28521665     93.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   28394      0.09%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  653141      2.14%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   32938      0.11%     95.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  138568      0.45%     96.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   86165      0.28%     96.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   90011      0.30%     96.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   31265      0.10%     97.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  897223      2.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30479370                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.056186                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.168105                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  724745                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28376764                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   976729                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               319091                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 82041                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8475457                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 82041                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  827746                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27020709                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15436                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1113897                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1419541                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8096590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                89272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1030014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                352607                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9642718                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             22321084                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10774988                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            48197                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3218636                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6424077                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               266                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           338                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1997159                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1420648                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              97767                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5147                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5048                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7617660                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5401                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5460727                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7209                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4940451                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9920313                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5401                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30479370                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.179161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.785839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28316296     92.90%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             829191      2.72%     95.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             445774      1.46%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             303677      1.00%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             327139      1.07%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             106811      0.35%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              91304      0.30%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              34902      0.11%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24276      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30479370                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14313     69.11%     69.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1485      7.17%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4409     21.29%     97.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  371      1.79%     99.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              107      0.52%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              25      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            22755      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4483434     82.10%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1208      0.02%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                13652      0.25%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              18690      0.34%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              845588     15.48%     98.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              72195      1.32%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3126      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            79      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5460727                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.178837                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      20710                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003793                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41383103                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12524785                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5206166                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              45640                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             38728                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20407                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5435163                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  23519                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            6438                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       932189                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          246                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        58331                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           62                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          987                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 82041                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24825656                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               292682                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7623061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5458                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1420648                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               97767                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1970                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21029                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                91816                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         40637                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        51006                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               91643                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5347176                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               807354                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           113551                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      874543                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  619865                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     67189                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.175118                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5249090                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5226573                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3872716                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6129897                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.171168                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.631775                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4941206                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            82040                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29768468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.090116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.563368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28632006     96.18%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       516741      1.74%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       126536      0.43%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       328986      1.11%     99.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        66189      0.22%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33975      0.11%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7754      0.03%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5568      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        50713      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29768468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1343351                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2682606                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        527895                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       488459                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    465323                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     15712                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2666707                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6950                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4731      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2124844     79.21%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            278      0.01%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           11418      0.43%     79.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         13440      0.50%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         486187     18.12%     98.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         39436      1.47%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2272      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2682606                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                50713                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37341567                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15960914                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            456                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          55319                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1343351                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2682606                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.730239                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.730239                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.043994                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.043994                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5470495                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4549711                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    36185                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   18061                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3224944                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1442009                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2751226                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           243227                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             394878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           243227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.623496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3585823                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3585823                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       357356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         357356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        38415                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         38415                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       395771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          395771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       395771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         395771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       438857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       438857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       439878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        439878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       439878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       439878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35214982500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35214982500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48346500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48346500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35263329000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35263329000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35263329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35263329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       796213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       796213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        39436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        39436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       835649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       835649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       835649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       835649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.551180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.551180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025890                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025890                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.526391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.526391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.526391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.526391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80242.499265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80242.499265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47352.105779                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47352.105779                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80166.157435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80166.157435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80166.157435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80166.157435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20730                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              723                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.672199                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2329                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2329                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       196636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       196650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       196650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       242221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       243228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       243228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       243228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       243228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19276672500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19276672500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46039000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46039000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19322711500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19322711500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19322711500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19322711500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.304216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025535                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025535                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79582.994455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79582.994455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45718.967229                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45718.967229                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79442.792359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79442.792359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79442.792359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79442.792359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5461544                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5461544                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1365386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1365386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1365386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1365386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1365386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1365386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1365386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1365386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1365386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1365386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1365386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1365386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194449                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      284755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.464420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.722794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.277206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4800                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4084009                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4084009                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2329                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2329                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         48148                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             48148                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                48786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    48786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               48786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   48786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             370                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 370                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37659000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      37659000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18378766000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18378766000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18416425000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18416425000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18416425000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18416425000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2329                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2329                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1008                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1008                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       242220                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        242220                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           243228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               243228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          243228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              243228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367063                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.367063                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801222                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.801222                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.799423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.799423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.799423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.799423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101781.081081                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101781.081081                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94700.760542                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94700.760542                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94714.233550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94714.233550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94714.233550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94714.233550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  589                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       589                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          370                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            370                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194072                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194072                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33959000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33959000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16438056000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16438056000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16472015000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16472015000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16472015000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16472015000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.801222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.799423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.799423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.799423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.799423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91781.081081                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91781.081081                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84700.812070                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84700.812070                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84714.284980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84714.284980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84714.284980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84714.284980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        388870                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194441                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194071                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193841                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       583311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       583311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 583311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12481920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12481920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12481920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194440                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194440    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194440                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           458201500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1050872000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       486455                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       243227                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          504                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             19                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            242219                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2918                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          434758                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       242220                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       729682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                729682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15715584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15715584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194449                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     37696                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           437677                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034843                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 437154     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    520      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             437677                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          245556500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         364840500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
