
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8244365827500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              134705597                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                250800804                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              346053322                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5943001018                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11064944915                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12585216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12585216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        20736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         824322547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             824322547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1358193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1358193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1358193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        824322547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            825680740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196644                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        324                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196644                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      324                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12582912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   20480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12585216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                20736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267356000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196644                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  324                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.214398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.912253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.673376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40470     41.81%     41.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44956     46.45%     88.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9779     10.10%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1383      1.43%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          175      0.18%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    9917.350000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9710.505476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2100.742507                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      5.00%      5.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     15.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2     10.00%     30.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.00%     35.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      5.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2     10.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2     10.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      5.00%     65.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2     10.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            3     15.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      5.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      5.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4743902250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8430302250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  983040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24128.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42878.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       824.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    824.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    99860                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     278                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77511.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346104360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183981600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               704867940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 715140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1639390680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24527040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5164091130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       108669120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     687240.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9378957930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.314962                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11607504625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10151250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF       562500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    283056500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3139510750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11323937125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                344976240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183344040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               698913180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 955260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1629421380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24584640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5154703230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       123046080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy          1853640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9367106730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.538717                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11629406875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9782000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      5422250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    320426500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3118050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11303797375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1404321                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1404321                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            54099                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1094529                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  33576                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5068                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1094529                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            608816                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          485713                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        18015                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     658346                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      39211                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       142651                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          694                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1181357                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2905                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1205859                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4027231                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1404321                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            642392                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29221364                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 110004                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        21                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 685                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        24032                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1178452                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5863                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.265282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.297393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28916819     94.79%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   22812      0.07%     94.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  598963      1.96%     96.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   20114      0.07%     96.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  115264      0.38%     97.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   47730      0.16%     97.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   76141      0.25%     97.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   17669      0.06%     97.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  691454      2.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.045991                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.131890                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  575721                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28850574                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   735198                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               290471                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 55002                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6672139                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 55002                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  658559                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27706649                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10722                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   869313                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1206721                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6416432                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                59179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                982008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                170891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7661779                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17905896                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8347052                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            32386                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2827496                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4834286                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           296                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1854049                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1166458                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              57458                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3810                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3632                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6111301                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3519                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4371684                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5127                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3759412                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8013871                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3519                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.143301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.683701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28664347     93.96%     93.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             757838      2.48%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             390951      1.28%     97.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             261069      0.86%     98.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             263431      0.86%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              72973      0.24%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              60073      0.20%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              20562      0.07%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              15722      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8072     65.62%     65.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  865      7.03%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2974     24.17%     96.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  211      1.72%     98.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              142      1.15%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              38      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13251      0.30%      0.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3611058     82.60%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 747      0.02%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7405      0.17%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11018      0.25%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              683601     15.64%     98.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              42101      0.96%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2370      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           133      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4371684                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.143171                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      12302                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002814                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39239435                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9844853                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4204499                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              28328                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             29380                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11928                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4356157                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  14578                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3115                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       720754                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        36256                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1437                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 55002                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26154753                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               239599                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6114820                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3011                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1166458                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               57458                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1321                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 15393                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                36978                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         29366                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        31105                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               60471                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4301529                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               658154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            70155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      697357                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  525412                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     39203                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.140874                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4229225                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4216427                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3089394                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4897222                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.138086                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.630846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3759812                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            55001                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29981918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.078561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.510132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28941498     96.53%     96.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       483054      1.61%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       115965      0.39%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       318054      1.06%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52016      0.17%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26053      0.09%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5461      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3365      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36452      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29981918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1178402                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2355412                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        466908                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       445706                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    427288                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8670                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2346720                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3750                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2602      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1872014     79.48%     79.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            150      0.01%     79.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6358      0.27%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7380      0.31%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         444416     18.87%     99.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         21202      0.90%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1290      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2355412                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                36452                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36060690                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12756793                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            215                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          27723                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1178402                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2355412                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.911946                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.911946                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038592                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038592                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4249189                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3656164                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    21184                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   10552                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2770033                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1170429                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2285222                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           233561                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             259867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           233561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.112630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          787                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2922993                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2922993                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       236997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         236997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        20368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       257365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          257365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       257365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         257365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       414159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       414159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          834                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          834                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       414993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        414993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       414993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       414993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34571973500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34571973500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30531499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30531499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34602504999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34602504999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34602504999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34602504999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       651156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       651156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        21202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       672358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       672358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       672358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       672358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.636037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.636037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039336                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039336                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.617220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.617220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.617220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.617220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83475.123081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83475.123081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36608.511990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36608.511990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83380.936544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83380.936544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83380.936544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83380.936544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16533                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              859                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.246799                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       181427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       181432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       181432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       232732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       233561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       233561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19316338500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19316338500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29056499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29056499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19345394999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19345394999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19345394999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19345394999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.357414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039100                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039100                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.347376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.347376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82998.206091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82998.206091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35050.059107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35050.059107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82828.019228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82828.019228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82828.019228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82828.019228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4713808                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4713808                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1178452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1178452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1178452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1178452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1178452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1178452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1178452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1178452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1178452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1178452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1178452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1178452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196647                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      261792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.331279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.040812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.959188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10640                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3930919                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3930919                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2139                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2139                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               628                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   628                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         36289                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             36289                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                36917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    36917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               36917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   36917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             201                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 201                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       196443                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          196443                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196644                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196644                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20931500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      20931500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18559005500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18559005500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18579937000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18579937000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18579937000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18579937000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2139                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2139                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           829                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               829                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       232732                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        232732                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           233561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               233561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          233561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              233561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.242461                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.242461                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.844074                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.844074                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.841939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.841939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.841939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.841939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104136.815920                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104136.815920                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94475.270180                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94475.270180                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94485.145746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94485.145746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94485.145746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94485.145746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          201                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            201                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196443                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       196443                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18921500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18921500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16594575500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16594575500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16613497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16613497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16613497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16613497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.242461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.844074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.844074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.841939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.841939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.841939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.841939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94136.815920                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94136.815920                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84475.270180                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84475.270180                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84485.145746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84485.145746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84485.145746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84485.145746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        393284                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196645                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             196443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        196443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       589928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       589928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 589928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12605952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12605952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12605952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196644                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196644    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196644                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           464225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1061999000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       467122                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       233557                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          586                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            232732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          427745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              829                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             829                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       232732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       700683                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                700683                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15084800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15084800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196647                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     20736                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           430208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001369                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036976                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 429619     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    589      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             430208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          235700000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         350341500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
