
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9755832895875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               80847633                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                150725242                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              203929617                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    74.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6052714855                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11284153944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12919616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12919616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        17984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           17984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          201869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              201869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           281                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                281                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         846225506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             846225506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1177939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1177939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1177939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        846225506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            847403445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      201868                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        281                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    201868                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      281                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12916608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   17408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12919552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                17984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     46                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267266500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                201868                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  281                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   47559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    133.321734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   114.485569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.987643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38811     40.01%     40.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45931     47.34%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10541     10.87%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1531      1.58%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          170      0.18%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11667.705882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  11334.963900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2592.772159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      5.88%      5.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      5.88%     11.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      5.88%     17.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      5.88%     23.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2     11.76%     35.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      5.88%     41.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      5.88%     47.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2     11.76%     58.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2     11.76%     70.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            2     11.76%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      5.88%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            2     11.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4832866750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8617029250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1009110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23946.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42696.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       846.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    846.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   104845                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     235                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      75524.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347418120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184657110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               723324840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1289340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1657713900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24511680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5153196720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       102644640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9400065390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.697486                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11568602750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9606000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    267294000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3178794750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11301789375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                345261840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183514815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               717684240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 130500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1647209940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24530400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5156210310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       108933600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9388784685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.958608                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11591694500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    283857500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3156150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11307876625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1410359                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1410359                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            57333                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1150106                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  35477                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5397                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1150106                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            598508                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          551598                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        17577                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     635205                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      40878                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       128396                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          615                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1172604                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5333                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1197162                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4070326                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1410359                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            633985                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29132328                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 118074                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        54670                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1167271                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5334                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30446261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.268947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.308776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28854058     94.77%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   18830      0.06%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  587192      1.93%     96.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   21910      0.07%     96.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  115713      0.38%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   51712      0.17%     97.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   73323      0.24%     97.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   20039      0.07%     97.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  703484      2.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30446261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.046189                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.133302                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  588318                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28773118                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   748362                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               277426                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 59037                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6634091                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 59037                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  666860                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27632695                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8930                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   874523                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1204216                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6370648                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                57991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                937642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                223072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7591957                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17764009                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8313379                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            24553                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2496771                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5095186                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               155                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           192                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1792754                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1164388                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              61588                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4055                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3797                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6074674                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3925                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4257136                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3937                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3995136                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8400111                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3925                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30446261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.139825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.675141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28657414     94.12%     94.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             728982      2.39%     96.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             381107      1.25%     97.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             249754      0.82%     98.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             268244      0.88%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              67716      0.22%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              60374      0.20%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18482      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14188      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30446261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7050     63.43%     63.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     63.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     63.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  739      6.65%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3079     27.70%     97.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  201      1.81%     99.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               37      0.33%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            14057      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3518794     82.66%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1307      0.03%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 5998      0.14%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9413      0.22%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              662043     15.55%     98.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              44176      1.04%     99.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1317      0.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            31      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4257136                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.139420                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11115                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002611                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38953132                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10053151                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4090394                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              22453                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             20584                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10128                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4242641                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  11553                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2829                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       762516                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        44436                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           12                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1024                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 59037                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25833471                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               255981                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6078599                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4049                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1164388                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               61588                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1426                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19007                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                63668                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30567                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        34004                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               64571                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4188059                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               635049                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            69077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      675921                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  487611                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     40872                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.137157                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4113222                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4100522                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3025213                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4706177                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.134291                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.642818                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3995856                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            59037                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29884966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.069716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.471760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28943838     96.85%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       446642      1.49%     98.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100548      0.34%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       284064      0.95%     99.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53354      0.18%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23853      0.08%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3770      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2944      0.01%     99.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25953      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29884966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1042867                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2083463                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        419024                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       401872                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    381176                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      6830                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2076541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3025                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2064      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1651421     79.26%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            121      0.01%     79.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            4989      0.24%     79.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          5844      0.28%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         400886     19.24%     99.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         17152      0.82%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          986      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2083463                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                25953                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35938332                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12720941                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            630                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          88427                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1042867                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2083463                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             29.279561                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       29.279561                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.034154                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.034154                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4045901                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3574552                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    18229                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9102                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2545398                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1085347                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2219137                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           214113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             258065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           214113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.205275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          806                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2798733                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2798733                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       242991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         242991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        16454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       259445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          259445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       259445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         259445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       386012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       386012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          698                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          698                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       386710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        386710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       386710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       386710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35157290500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35157290500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24008500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24008500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35181299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35181299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35181299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35181299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       629003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       629003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        17152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       646155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       646155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       646155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       646155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.613689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.613689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040695                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040695                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.598479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.598479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.598479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.598479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91078.232024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91078.232024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34396.131805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34396.131805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90975.922526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90975.922526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90975.922526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90975.922526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         9176                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              552                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.623188                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       172593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       172593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       172597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       172597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       172597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       172597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       213419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       213419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       214113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       214113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       214113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       214113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19483474000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19483474000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23092000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23092000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19506566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19506566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19506566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19506566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.339297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040462                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040462                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.331365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.331365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91292.124881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91292.124881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33273.775216                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33273.775216                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91104.071215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91104.071215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91104.071215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91104.071215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4669084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4669084                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1167271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1167271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1167271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1167271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1167271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1167271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1167271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1167271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1167271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1167271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1167271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1167271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    201878                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      236616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    201878                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.172074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.780179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.219821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11074                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3963                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3625518                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3625518                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1723                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1723                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               532                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   532                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         11713                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             11713                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                12245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    12245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               12245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   12245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             162                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 162                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       201706                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          201706                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             201868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 201868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            201868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                201868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16219000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      16219000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19019468000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  19019468000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19035687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      19035687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19035687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     19035687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1723                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1723                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           694                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       213419                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        213419                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           214113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               214113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          214113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              214113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.233429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.233429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.945117                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.945117                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.942811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.942811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.942811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.942811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100117.283951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100117.283951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94293.020535                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94293.020535                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94297.694533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94297.694533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94297.694533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94297.694533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  281                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       281                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            162                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       201706                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       201706                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        201868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            201868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       201868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           201868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14599000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14599000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17002398000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17002398000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17016997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17016997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17016997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17016997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.233429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.945117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.942811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.942811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.942811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.942811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90117.283951                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90117.283951                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84292.970958                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84292.970958                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84297.644996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84297.644996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84297.644996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84297.644996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        403729                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       201868                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             201707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           201580                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               162                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              162                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        201706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       605598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       605598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 605598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12937600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12937600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12937600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            201868                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  201868    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              201868                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           475812000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1088960000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       428226                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       214112                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          488                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             17                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            213419                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2004                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          413987                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              694                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             694                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       213419                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       642339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                642339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13813504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               13813504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          201878                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     17984                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           415991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001214                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 415487     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    503      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             415991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          215836000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         321169500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
