
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8106959730375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               26935336                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 50410966                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               65033147                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2332656                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   234.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6323405977                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11834603309                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          17088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        5068992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            5086080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        17088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         17088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      2493696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         2493696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           79203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               79470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         38964                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              38964                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1119252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         332015310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             333134562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1119252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1119252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       163335285                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            163335285                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       163335285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1119252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        332015310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            496469847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       79470                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      38964                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     79470                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    38964                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                5086080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2493888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 5086080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              2493696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              4901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              4910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              4934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              4994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              5009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              5050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              5016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              5029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              5044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              4917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             4843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             4861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             5044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             5056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             4959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              2464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              2503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              2507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              2368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              2334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             2421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15688025500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 79470                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                38964                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   27064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   19193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   16864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   16346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   4592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   3445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         9445                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    802.408894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   665.830721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   331.081891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          463      4.90%      4.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          544      5.76%     10.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          642      6.80%     17.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          308      3.26%     20.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          463      4.90%     25.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          413      4.37%     29.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          451      4.78%     34.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          345      3.65%     38.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5816     61.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         9445                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2435                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.383984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.224013                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     47.053179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           2398     98.48%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           20      0.82%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6      0.25%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      0.21%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      0.08%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            1      0.04%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2435                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2435                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.002875                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.002723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.073026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             2430     99.79%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.16%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2435                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2356655000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              3846717500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  397350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     29654.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                48404.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       333.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       163.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    333.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    163.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      31.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    73626                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   35364                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     132462.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 34114920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 18132510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               284479020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              101534220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         199143360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            438934770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             15467520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       412666890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       130334880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       3145810020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             4780618110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            313.127029                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14259476500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     16851000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      84480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  13020108625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    339420500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     901517250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    904966750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 33336660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 17711265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               282936780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              101873520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         195455520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            428392620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             16319040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       366929520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       144110400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       3169050120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4756115445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            311.522122                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14285191750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18901750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      82938000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  13105425000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    375276750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     880251500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    804551125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                5462302                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5462302                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            28834                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             5393461                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  33754                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              3410                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        5393461                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           5008515                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          384946                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        20460                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2450818                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5040240                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         4763                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        10312                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     330584                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          408                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                  226                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            385240                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      23925523                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    5462302                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           5042269                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30094577                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  59056                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  68                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          402                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   330478                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8520                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      3                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30509820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.585752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.048180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                23266514     76.26%     76.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  210162      0.69%     76.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  250286      0.82%     77.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1037879      3.40%     81.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  187600      0.61%     81.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   78142      0.26%     82.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  148244      0.49%     82.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  121895      0.40%     82.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 5209098     17.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30509820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.178888                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.783552                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1727156                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             22656172                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2794950                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3302014                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 29528                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              48145002                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 29528                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2823242                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                1399673                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12407                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  4983908                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             21261062                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              48003786                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                41487                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                229511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               3299479                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              16636084                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           61075491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            102737614                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        55934430                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          1384161                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             59887425                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 1187931                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               542                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           578                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 19145050                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2261542                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5075701                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            98973                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           92798                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  47726670                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3472                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 47686705                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8437                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         762888                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1127236                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2796                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30509820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.562995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.187170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           17470781     57.26%     57.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2272951      7.45%     64.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2272666      7.45%     72.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1501896      4.92%     77.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1370407      4.49%     81.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            3993973     13.09%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             639671      2.10%     96.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             826585      2.71%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             160890      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30509820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 366579     88.64%     88.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     88.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     88.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1909      0.46%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     89.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 30905      7.47%     96.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  972      0.24%     96.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            12310      2.98%     99.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             877      0.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            19214      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             39776604     83.41%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 415      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 1269      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             378586      0.79%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2255428      4.73%     88.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            4875498     10.22%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         208435      0.44%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        171256      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              47686705                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.561722                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     413552                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008672                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         124613087                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         47564666                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     46515122                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            1692136                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            929245                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       830159                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              47227592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 853451                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           72600                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       108309                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          151                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          935                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        57234                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           65                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       239203                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 29528                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 184367                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                82957                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           47730142                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2947                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2261542                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5075701                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1495                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  7564                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                71215                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           935                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          7843                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        28120                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               35963                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             47616637                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2450072                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            70072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     7490249                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 5347140                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5040177                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.559428                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      47359769                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     47345281                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 34679766                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 48348047                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.550541                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.717294                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         763292                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            676                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            28850                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30390938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.545432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.325901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18304827     60.23%     60.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1516081      4.99%     65.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1328242      4.37%     69.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4325568     14.23%     83.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       323625      1.06%     84.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2428808      7.99%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       409356      1.35%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       112255      0.37%     94.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1642176      5.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30390938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            23138476                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              46967138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       7171679                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2153221                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        300                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   5317901                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    814707                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 46526883                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               22722                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        10769      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        39413284     83.92%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            341      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            1023      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        370042      0.79%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1954217      4.16%     88.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       4849083     10.32%     99.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       199004      0.42%     99.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       169375      0.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         46967138                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1642176                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    76479192                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   95582296                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            897                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          24868                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   23138476                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     46967138                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.319650                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.319650                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.757777                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.757777                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                55400010                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               36297456                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  1289782                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  655527                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 26803934                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                23370446                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               18223985                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           681462                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            6126934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           681462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.990867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          880                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         29300882                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        29300882                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1969513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1969513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4421841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4421841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      6391354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         6391354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      6391354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        6391354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       166811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       166811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       596690                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       596690                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       763501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        763501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       763501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       763501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14227632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14227632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7764523995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7764523995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21992155995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21992155995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21992155995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21992155995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2136324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2136324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5018531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5018531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      7154855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7154855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      7154855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7154855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.078083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.118897                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.118897                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.106711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.106711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.106711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.106711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85291.929189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85291.929189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13012.659832                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13012.659832                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28804.357814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28804.357814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28804.357814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28804.357814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3230307                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            67598                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    47.787020                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       607356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           607356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        82020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        82020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        82036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        82036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        82036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        82036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        84791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        84791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       596674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       596674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       681465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       681465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       681465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       681465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8073739500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8073739500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7167668495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7167668495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15241407995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15241407995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15241407995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15241407995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.118894                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118894                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95219.298039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95219.298039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12012.704584                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12012.704584                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22365.650466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22365.650466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22365.650466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22365.650466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2690                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.579379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           23513389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          8741.036803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.579379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          597                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1324606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1324606                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       327398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         327398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       327398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          327398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       327398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         327398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         3080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         3080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          3080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         3080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         3080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     62825500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62825500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     62825500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62825500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     62825500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62825500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       330478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       330478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       330478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       330478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       330478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       330478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 20397.889610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20397.889610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 20397.889610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20397.889610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 20397.889610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20397.889610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    37.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2690                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2690                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53665000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53665000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53665000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53665000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53665000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53665000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19920.193022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19920.193022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19920.193022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19920.193022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19920.193022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19920.193022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     79648                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        49152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10390915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     79648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    130.460464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      528.769843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       511.039515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     48112.190642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.010758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.010397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.978845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        15344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        32474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  16498156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 16498156                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       607356                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           607356                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2684                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             2684                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            596612                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                596612                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           2426                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               2426                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          5646                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              5646                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 2426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               602258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   604684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                2426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              602258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  604684                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data              59                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  59                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          267                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              267                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        79145                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           79145                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              79204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  79471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             79204                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 79471                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        59000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        59000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7716000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       7716000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23951000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     23951000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7885414000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   7885414000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7893130000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       7917081000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7893130000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      7917081000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       607356                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       607356                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2684                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2684                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        596671                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            596671                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         2693                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2693                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        84791                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         84791                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             2693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           681462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               684155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            2693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          681462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              684155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.000099                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099146                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.099146                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933413                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.933413                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.099146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.116227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.116159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.099146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.116227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.116159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130779.661017                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130779.661017                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89704.119850                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89704.119850                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99632.497315                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99632.497315                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89704.119850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99655.699207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99622.264725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89704.119850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99655.699207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99622.264725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                38964                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     38964                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             59                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          267                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          267                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        79145                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        79145                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         79204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             79471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        79204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            79471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        39000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        39000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7126000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7126000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21281000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21281000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7093974000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7093974000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7101100000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7122381000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7101100000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7122381000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.933413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.116159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.116159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120779.661017                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120779.661017                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79704.119850                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79704.119850                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89632.623665                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89632.623665                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79704.119850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89655.825463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89622.390558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79704.119850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89655.825463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89622.390558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        158395                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        78925                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              79411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        38964                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            39959                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                59                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               59                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         79411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       237865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       237865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 237865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      7579776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      7579776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 7579776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             79472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   79472    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               79472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy           320224500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          407622000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1368311                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       684154                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          315                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            742                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          742                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             87484                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       646320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          114790                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           596671                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          596672                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2694                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        84791                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2044392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2052469                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       344512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     82484352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               82828864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           79649                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   2493760                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           763807                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001384                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037175                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 762750     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1057      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             763807                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1294201500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           4058964                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1022194500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
