
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2137428177500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               17034920                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 30897575                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53343947                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2332656                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   286.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4875491702                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8843063254                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          10880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         344640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             355520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        10880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         10880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       353088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          353088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            5385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                5555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          5517                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               5517                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            712632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          22573671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              23286303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       712632                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           712632                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        23127009                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             23127009                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        23127009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           712632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         22573671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             46413312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        5555                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       5517                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      5555                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     5517                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 355520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  353024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  355520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               353088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15416206000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  5555                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 5517                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    5437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         2235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    316.878747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.955627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   359.614069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          903     40.40%     40.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          599     26.80%     67.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          107      4.79%     71.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           68      3.04%     75.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           64      2.86%     77.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           49      2.19%     80.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           46      2.06%     82.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           69      3.09%     85.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          330     14.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         2235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.431953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.320928                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.932799                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8                 1      0.30%      0.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9                 2      0.59%      0.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10                1      0.30%      1.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11                1      0.30%      1.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12                1      0.30%      1.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13                3      0.89%      2.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14                7      2.07%      4.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                6      1.78%      6.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16              256     75.74%     82.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17                9      2.66%     84.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18               17      5.03%     89.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19                7      2.07%     92.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20                8      2.37%     94.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               10      2.96%     97.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22                3      0.89%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23                3      0.89%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24                2      0.59%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27                1      0.30%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.319527                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.301651                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.792193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              288     85.21%     85.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.30%     85.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               42     12.43%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                5      1.48%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    120403000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               224559250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   27775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     21674.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                40424.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        23.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        23.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     23.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     23.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     4362                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    4469                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1392359.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    79.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  7004340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  3722895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                17935680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               12867300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         127230480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            114671460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              5601120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       361720290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       154643040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       3324322200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             4129829535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            270.500848                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14998407375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      6888000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      53940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  13805080125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    402737000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     205337250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    793361750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  8989260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  4758930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                21727020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               15926220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         114937680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            111043410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              4771200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       442396380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        71676480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       3328412040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4124638620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            270.160847                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          15011404125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      4637750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      48662000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  13854578125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    186625500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     202541750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    970299000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               12632057                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         12632057                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           764700                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             9808201                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1556246                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             57165                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        9808201                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4243396                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         5564805                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       326210                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11037901                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5300574                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        25619                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1983                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    7213285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         1892                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                  359                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7740393                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      57090132                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   12632057                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           5799642                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     22009361                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1531584                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         9                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 693                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         9395                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  7211402                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               193694                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30525643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.097619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.554577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                11008358     36.06%     36.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  391632      1.28%     37.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1448684      4.75%     42.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1601826      5.25%     47.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  900667      2.95%     50.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1562714      5.12%     55.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1416804      4.64%     60.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  488749      1.60%     61.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                11706209     38.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30525643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.413695                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.869681                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5875117                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              6938597                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 14711365                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              2234772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                765792                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             119703174                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                765792                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 7047612                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                4289921                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         68403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15731040                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2622875                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             116018104                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1332                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1676354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                     8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                442296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          129031089                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            305290386                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       170782978                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         12987492                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             84201653                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                44829415                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              8841                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         10152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  7890932                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            12534681                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            6499249                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           687237                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          283843                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 108517962                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              47334                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 96173759                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           404900                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       32755482                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51667843                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         46915                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30525643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        3.150589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.644513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            8752564     28.67%     28.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1980716      6.49%     35.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2481866      8.13%     43.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3278589     10.74%     54.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3717443     12.18%     66.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            3207467     10.51%     76.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3048787      9.99%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            2271973      7.44%     94.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1786238      5.85%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30525643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1395073     82.07%     82.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     82.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     82.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               120984      7.12%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     89.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 45962      2.70%     91.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                24651      1.45%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           113200      6.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              52      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          2128955      2.21%      2.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             71657427     74.51%     76.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 208      0.00%     76.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 5236      0.01%     76.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5470254      5.69%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9387103      9.76%     92.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5452379      5.67%     97.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2038181      2.12%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         34016      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              96173759                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          3.149656                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1699922                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.017676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         209399453                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        130696204                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     85909135                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15578528                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          10625051                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7390189                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              87843428                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7901298                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          572079                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4224676                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         5556                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          837                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1814353                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          515                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                765792                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3849428                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               382444                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          108565296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            17422                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             12534681                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6499249                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             21218                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   295                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               381984                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           837                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        340745                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       700956                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1041701                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             94281070                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10923686                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1892687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    16220789                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8910785                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5297103                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    3.087671                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      93688774                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     93299324                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 68656528                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                129818141                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      3.055519                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.528867                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       32755517                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            419                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           765422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25935563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.923006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.004468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      7497812     28.91%     28.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3908631     15.07%     43.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4042558     15.59%     59.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2446479      9.43%     69.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       780061      3.01%     72.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1087393      4.19%     76.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       410791      1.58%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       640046      2.47%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5121792     19.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25935563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33789442                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              75809797                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      12994897                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8310002                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7652240                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   6490809                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 70921160                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              727449                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1447409      1.91%      1.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        56495762     74.52%     76.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             26      0.00%     76.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            3515      0.00%     76.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       4868188      6.42%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        6838912      9.02%     91.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       4650991      6.14%     98.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      1471090      1.94%     99.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        33904      0.04%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         75809797                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              5121792                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   129379085                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  221767105                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             73                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           9046                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33789442                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     75809797                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.903675                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.903675                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.106592                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.106592                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               132226516                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               72370873                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10966385                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 5775083                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 60958633                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                26259118                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               32998571                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5930                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16818899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2836.239292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          787                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60506114                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60506114                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     10438202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10438202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4679914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4679914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15118116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15118116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15118116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15118116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         1926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         5004                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5004                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         6930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          6930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         6930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         6930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    127887000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    127887000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    434187000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    434187000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    562074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    562074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    562074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    562074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     10440128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10440128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4684918                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4684918                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15125046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15125046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15125046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15125046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001068                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001068                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66400.311526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66400.311526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86767.985612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86767.985612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81107.359307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81107.359307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81107.359307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81107.359307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          306                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             5477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     72182000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72182000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    428477500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    428477500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    500659500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    500659500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    500659500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    500659500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001064                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001064                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76221.752904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76221.752904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85970.605939                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85970.605939                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84414.011128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84414.011128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84414.011128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84414.011128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.988950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           93045973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         259180.983287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1023.988950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         28845967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        28845967                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      7210991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7210991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      7210991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         7210991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      7210991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        7210991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28081500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28081500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28081500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     28081500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28081500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     28081500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      7211402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7211402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      7211402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      7211402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      7211402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      7211402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68324.817518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68324.817518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68324.817518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68324.817518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68324.817518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68324.817518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          359                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              359                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23729000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23729000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23729000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23729000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23729000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23729000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66097.493036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66097.493036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66097.493036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66097.493036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66097.493036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66097.493036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      5677                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        49152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      5677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                             1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      338.104352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       265.732064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     48548.163584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.006879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.005406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.987715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          901                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        43482                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    156505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   156505                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5477                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             5477                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          359                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              359                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               216                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   216                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            188                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                188                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           329                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               329                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 188                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 545                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     733                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            4767                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                4767                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          170                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              170                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          618                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             618                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               5385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   5555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              5385                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  5555                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    418708500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     418708500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21210500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     21210500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     67251500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     67251500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21210500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    485960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        507170500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21210500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    485960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       507170500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5477                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5477                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          359                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          359                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          4983                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              4983                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          358                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            358                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data          947                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           947                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.956653                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.956653                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.474860                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.474860                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.652587                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.652587                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.474860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.908094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.883429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.474860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.908094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.883429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87834.801762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87834.801762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 124767.647059                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124767.647059                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108821.197411                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108821.197411                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 124767.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90243.268338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91299.819982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 124767.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90243.268338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91299.819982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 5517                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      5517                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4767                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           4767                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          170                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          170                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          618                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          618                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          5385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              5555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             5555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    371038500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    371038500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19510500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19510500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     61071500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61071500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19510500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    432110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451620500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19510500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    432110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451620500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.956653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.474860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.474860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.652587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.652587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.474860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.908094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.883429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.474860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.908094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.883429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77834.801762                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77834.801762                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114767.647059                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114767.647059                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98821.197411                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98821.197411                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114767.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80243.268338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81299.819982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114767.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80243.268338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81299.819982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         11232                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5678                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                788                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           788                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        16787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        16787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       708608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       708608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  708608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              5555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    5555    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                5555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy            33612000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           29421000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12579                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6286                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             613                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4983                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4983                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 18868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        45888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       730048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 775936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            5678                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    353152                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            11967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.032943                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  11954     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     13      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              11967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           12125500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            538500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8895500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
