
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8168029106875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               44912398                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 84098342                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              107723872                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2332656                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   141.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6365282351                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11918975273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       21861632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           21863680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     17888960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        17888960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          341588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              341620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        279515                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             279515                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            134143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1431921087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1432055230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       134143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           134143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1171713944                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1171713944                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1171713944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           134143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1431921087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           2603769174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      341619                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     279515                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    341619                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   279515                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               21861312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2240                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                17888960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                21863616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             17888960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     35                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             21347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             21304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             21352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             20983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             21000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             21140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             21556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             21141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             20894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             21499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            21418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            21465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            21664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            21836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            21346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            21638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             17514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             17422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             17506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             17194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             17125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             17309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             17691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             17277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             17018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             17645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            17571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            17499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            17661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            17840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            17449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            17794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267134500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                341619                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               279515                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  136986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  107468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   69253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   27876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   5259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  11299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  15709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  17711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  18104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  18430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  18611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  18594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  18554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  18796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  18754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  18847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  20285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  24040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  18394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  17661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       365397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    108.789859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    85.261007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   113.369589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       279224     76.42%     76.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        49311     13.50%     89.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19061      5.22%     95.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9322      2.55%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4586      1.26%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2091      0.57%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          975      0.27%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          484      0.13%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          343      0.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       365397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17440                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.586009                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.369282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.986993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10-11             3      0.02%      0.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-13            48      0.28%      0.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15           882      5.06%      5.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17          3405     19.52%     24.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          5117     29.34%     54.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          3984     22.84%     77.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          2282     13.08%     90.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          1018      5.84%     95.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           429      2.46%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           175      1.00%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            64      0.37%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            17      0.10%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             9      0.05%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             6      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         17440                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17440                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.027236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.025385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.257249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            17202     98.64%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               84      0.48%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               92      0.53%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               45      0.26%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               14      0.08%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         17440                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  12264406500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             18669087750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1707915000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     35904.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.99                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                54654.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1431.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1171.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1432.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   1171.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        20.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    11.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    9.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   233642                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   22072                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 68.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 7.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      24579.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    41.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1299472860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                690708975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1212536220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              725778360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1173347760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           3937567410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             38159040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2649162780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        90996960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        123366780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            11941097145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            782.133228                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           6441579000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     12755000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     496418000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    486415125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    236937500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    8224987750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5809830750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1309368900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                695972640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1226373540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              733289940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1172733120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           3930583200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             33946080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2675894640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        77293440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        123076500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            11978532000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            784.585184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           6559694750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     12119250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     496085375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    489809500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    201269000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    8199444750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5868616250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2207539                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2207539                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            35713                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1758200                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  44270                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1758200                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            657107                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1101093                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         3689                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3946585                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1543065                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       166029                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          194                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1090179                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          771                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1115021                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       9972933                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2207539                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            701377                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29374797                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  71660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  33                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3613                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          596                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1089413                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7189                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30530082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.602520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.956635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27481067     90.01%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  169459      0.56%     90.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  146082      0.48%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  294975      0.97%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  296244      0.97%     92.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  222286      0.73%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  248647      0.81%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  110415      0.36%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1560907      5.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30530082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.072296                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.326610                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  675350                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27453149                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1478714                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               887039                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 35830                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              17612149                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 35830                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1018730                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               18971420                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15843                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1939124                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              8549135                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              17416908                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               238754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2411491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               6863654                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                 48024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           20144548                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             46585274                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        26047990                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               14                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             18177380                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 1967121                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               130                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5010822                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3000935                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1614320                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           586703                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          244153                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  17136187                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                944                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 17756348                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            14226                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        1418786                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2083420                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           800                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30530082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.581602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.476060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24610103     80.61%     80.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1901737      6.23%     86.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1056375      3.46%     90.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             901926      2.95%     93.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             712426      2.33%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             514434      1.69%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             389897      1.28%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             270645      0.89%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             172539      0.57%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30530082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  94894     26.23%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     26.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                162589     44.94%     71.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               104347     28.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            32228      0.18%      0.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             12192780     68.67%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   3      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3972565     22.37%     91.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1558772      8.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              17756348                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.581514                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     361830                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.020378                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          66418834                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         18556004                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16543068                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              18085950                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          346272                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       232465                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          263                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           89                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       194109                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1212747                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 35830                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               11238023                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3843461                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           17137131                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2062                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3000935                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1614320                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               407                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                146170                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3627463                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            89                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         23158                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        19392                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               42550                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             17668838                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3946547                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            87510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     5489594                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1963181                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1543047                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.578648                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      16548365                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     16543068                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 12026898                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 20542831                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.541780                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.585455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        1420562                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            144                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            35749                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30321077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.826791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27409807     90.40%     90.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       451268      1.49%     91.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       221545      0.73%     92.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481354      1.59%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        77479      0.26%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        41237      0.14%     94.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        93724      0.31%     94.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55868      0.18%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1488795      4.91%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30321077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             8437085                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              15718301                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4188690                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2768480                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         96                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1909318                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 15697036                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               41837                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        21169      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        11508442     73.22%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2768480     17.61%     90.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1420210      9.04%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         15718301                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1488795                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    45971145                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   34488326                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             43                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           4606                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    8437085                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     15718301                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.619104                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.619104                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.276311                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.276311                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                26629666                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               13009214                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 10971376                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6015809                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                9515448                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           697755                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            2534627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           697755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.632546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          757                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16470847                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16470847                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1263464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1263464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1417813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1417813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      2681277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         2681277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      2681277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        2681277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1259599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1259599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         2397                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2397                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1261996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1261996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1261996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1261996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  72816891500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72816891500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    209032313                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    209032313                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  73025923813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  73025923813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  73025923813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  73025923813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2523063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2523063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1420210                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1420210                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      3943273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3943273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      3943273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3943273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.499234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.499234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001688                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001688                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.320038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.320038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.320038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.320038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57809.581859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57809.581859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87205.804339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87205.804339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57865.416224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57865.416224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57865.416224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57865.416224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     11129227                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           353331                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.498020                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       629477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           629477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       564041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       564041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       564242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       564242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       564242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       564242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       695558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       695558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       697754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       697754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       697754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       697754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41037822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41037822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    198637357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198637357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41236459357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41236459357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41236459357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41236459357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.275680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001546                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001546                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.176948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.176948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.176948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.176948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58999.856231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58999.856231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90454.169854                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90454.169854                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59098.850536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59098.850536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59098.850536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59098.850536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               32                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             145494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               32                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          4546.687500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          991                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4357684                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4357684                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1089365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1089365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1089365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1089365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1089365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1089365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4451500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4451500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4451500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4451500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4451500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4451500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1089413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1089413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1089413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1089413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1089413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1089413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92739.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92739.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92739.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92739.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92739.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92739.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           32                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               32                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3598000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3598000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112437.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112437.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112437.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112437.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112437.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112437.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    341653                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        49152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      811867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    341653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.376291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        3.937395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         3.826571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     49144.236034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        40628                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  17088505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 17088505                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       629477                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           629477                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           32                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               32                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        355941                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            355941                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               356167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   356167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              356167                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  356167                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1970                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1970                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               32                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       339617                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          339617                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             341587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 341619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            341587                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                341619                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    192495500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     192495500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3548500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      3548500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  36044533500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  36044533500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3548500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  36237029000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      36240577500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3548500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  36237029000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     36240577500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       629477                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       629477                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           32                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           32                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          2196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             32                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       695558                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        695558                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           697754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               697786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          697754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              697786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.897086                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.897086                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.488266                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.488266                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.489552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.489576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.489552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.489576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97713.451777                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97713.451777                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110890.625000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110890.625000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106132.889402                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106132.889402                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110890.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106084.332835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106084.783048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110890.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106084.332835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106084.783048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               279515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    279515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1970                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1970                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       339617                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       339617                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        341587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            341619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       341587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           341619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    172795500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    172795500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3228500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3228500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32648353500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32648353500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3228500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32821149000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32824377500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3228500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32821149000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32824377500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.897086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.897086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.488266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.489552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.489576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.489552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.489576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87713.451777                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87713.451777                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100890.625000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100890.625000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96132.859957                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96132.859957                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100890.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96084.303560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96084.753775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100890.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96084.303560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96084.753775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        683271                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       341652                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             339650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       279515                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            62137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        339649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1024891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1024891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1024891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     39752640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     39752640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                39752640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            341619                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  341619    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              341619                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy          1866584500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization              12.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1802560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             11.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1395573                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       697787                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           19                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            695591                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       908992                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           32                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          130416                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            32                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       695558                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2093264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2093360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     84942848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               84946944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          341653                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  17888960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1039439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000019                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.004386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                1039419    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     20      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            1039439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1327295500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             48000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1046632500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
