
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10885616361125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               51836988                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 97022806                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              125092463                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   122.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6326623275                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11841483599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       13935936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           13968192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      8859328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         8859328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          217749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              218253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        138427                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             138427                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           2112745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         912793731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             914906475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      2112745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2112745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       580279578                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            580279578                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       580279578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          2112745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        912793731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1495186053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      218253                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     138427                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    218253                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   138427                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               13968128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 8859328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                13968192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              8859328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             13447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             13654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             13555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             13632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             13751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             13881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             13867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             13741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            13727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            13723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            13448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            13576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            13418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              8442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              8690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              8627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              8557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              8491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              8755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              8905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              8780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              8896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              8921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             8763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             8783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             8465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             8412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             8523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             8417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267382000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                218253                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               138427                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  157533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   27655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   17105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   15943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   7887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   8376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   8646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   8656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   8670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   8676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   8673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   8678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   8774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   8699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   8705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   8712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   8904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        31830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    717.141816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   552.632289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   366.739566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2343      7.36%      7.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3201     10.06%     17.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2589      8.13%     25.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1674      5.26%     30.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1501      4.72%     35.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1798      5.65%     41.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1454      4.57%     45.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1211      3.80%     49.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16059     50.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        31830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      25.243003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.081039                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    694.664686                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         8645     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          8646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010525                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.195981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8616     99.65%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                6      0.07%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                4      0.05%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.09%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                8      0.09%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          8646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4007940750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8100165750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1091260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18363.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37113.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       914.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       580.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    914.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    580.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        11.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     7.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.34                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   199040                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  125807                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      42804.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                113247540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 60184905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               779730840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              361469340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         846973920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1670064090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64868640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2374753950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       357826560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1329111600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7958231385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            521.258401                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11435902000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     49503500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     359018000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5296356000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    931894750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3422867250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5207704625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                114032940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 60609945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               778588440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              361119600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         861110640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1676487990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64322880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2462555610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       363415680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1273053660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8015297385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            524.996183                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11353636250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     48845250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     364950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5076582625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    946372500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3430194000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5400399750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2055057                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2055057                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6351                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1920055                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  85185                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               844                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1920055                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1273028                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          647027                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4492                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1965366                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1359139                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         2793                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1736                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     566113                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          184                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   43                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            590145                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       8459723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2055057                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1358213                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29896531                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  99                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          788                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   566000                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1910                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30494145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.572235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.943750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27713906     90.88%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  176936      0.58%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  119432      0.39%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  240040      0.79%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  143545      0.47%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  201167      0.66%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  199362      0.65%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   60343      0.20%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1639414      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30494145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.067302                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.277053                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  586015                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27607063                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1306551                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               987934                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6582                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              17390578                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6582                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  947233                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6563819                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          9585                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1885802                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             21081124                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              17359562                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               176325                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                702262                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               2868116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              16998997                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           20724448                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             41278501                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        23027215                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           158549                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             20462029                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  262229                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               118                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           123                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5516471                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1736972                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1367206                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            40550                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           35594                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  17303033                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1021                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 17481012                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2071                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         178991                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       256734                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           768                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30494145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.573258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.527268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           25377969     83.22%     83.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1240849      4.07%     87.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             932809      3.06%     90.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             614987      2.02%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             559336      1.83%     94.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             933501      3.06%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             364069      1.19%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             324679      1.06%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             145946      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30494145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 230987     86.96%     86.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     86.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     86.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  216      0.08%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     87.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 32632     12.28%     99.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  262      0.10%     99.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             1378      0.52%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             156      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3919      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             14105790     80.69%     80.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 125      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  271      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              42014      0.24%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1944579     11.12%     92.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1338383      7.66%     99.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          23614      0.14%     99.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         22317      0.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              17481012                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.572497                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     265631                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.015195                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          65527764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         17374531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     17123105                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             196106                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            108698                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        96056                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              17643831                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  98893                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          307654                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25574                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          194                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13838                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           24                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       239949                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6582                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 783170                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               149371                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           17304054                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              492                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1736972                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1367206                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               412                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 31287                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               101846                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           194                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1773                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6337                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                8110                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             17466115                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1965250                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14896                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     3324366                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2027498                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1359116                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.572009                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      17222339                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     17219161                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 12341040                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 19046234                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.563921                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.647952                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         179126                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            253                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6439                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30465712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.562104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.793652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26990560     88.59%     88.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       362216      1.19%     89.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       299830      0.98%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       857658      2.82%     93.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       103275      0.34%     93.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       400554      1.31%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       185593      0.61%     95.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        67586      0.22%     96.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1198440      3.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30465712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             8286557                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              17124900                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       3064738                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1711381                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        140                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   2020087                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     93724                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 17075237                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               82557                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         1959      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        14017242     81.85%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            106      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             197      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         40658      0.24%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1688985      9.86%     91.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1331376      7.77%     99.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        22396      0.13%     99.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        21981      0.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         17124900                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1198440                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    46571298                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   34637161                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            311                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          40543                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    8286557                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     17124900                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.684846                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.684846                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.271382                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.271382                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                23282874                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               13759000                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   146928                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   73109                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 10764032                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6736191                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                7425630                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           217798                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1322497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           217798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.072126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          890                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11299742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11299742                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1184118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1184118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1259343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1259343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      2443461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         2443461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      2443461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        2443461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       232970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       232970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        94055                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        94055                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       327025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        327025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       327025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       327025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18866881500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18866881500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8483973494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8483973494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27350854994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  27350854994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27350854994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  27350854994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1417088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1417088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1353398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1353398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2770486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2770486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2770486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2770486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.164401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.164401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.069495                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.069495                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.118039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.118039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.118039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.118039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80984.167489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80984.167489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90202.259253                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90202.259253                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83635.364250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83635.364250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83635.364250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83635.364250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2823910                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          337                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            67490                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    41.841903                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          337                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       134823                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           134823                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       109216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       109222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       109222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       109222                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       109222                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       123754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       123754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        94049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        94049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       217803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       217803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       217803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       217803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11097994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11097994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8389432494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8389432494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19487426494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19487426494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19487426494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19487426494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.069491                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069491                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.078615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.078615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89677.860918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89677.860918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89202.782528                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89202.782528                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89472.718438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89472.718438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89472.718438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89472.718438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              706                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.702193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           20312572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         28771.348442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.702193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          615                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2264717                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2264717                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       565137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         565137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       565137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          565137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       565137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         565137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     70687500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70687500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     70687500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70687500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     70687500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70687500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       566000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       566000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       566000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       566000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       566000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       566000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81909.038239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81909.038239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81909.038239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81909.038239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81909.038239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81909.038239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           85                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    42.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56275500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56275500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56275500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56275500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56275500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56275500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78487.447699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78487.447699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78487.447699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78487.447699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78487.447699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78487.447699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    218877                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      218028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    218877                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       42.612013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        31.853149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16309.534838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3714845                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3714845                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       134823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           134823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          703                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              703                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            207                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                207                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            30                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                30                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   48                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 207                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  48                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           94026                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               94026                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          504                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              504                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       123724                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          123724                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             217750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 218254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            217750                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                218254                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8248090000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    8248090000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52997000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     52997000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10911986500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  10911986500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19160076500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      19213073500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52997000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19160076500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     19213073500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       134823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       134823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          703                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          703                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         94044                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             94044                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          711                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            711                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123754                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        123754                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           217798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               218509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          217798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              218509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999809                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999809                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.708861                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.708861                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999758                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999758                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.708861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.708861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87721.374939                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87721.374939                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105152.777778                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105152.777778                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88196.198797                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88196.198797                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105152.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87991.166475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88030.796686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105152.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87991.166475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88030.796686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               138427                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    138427                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        94026                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          94026                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          504                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       123724                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       123724                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        217750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            218254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       217750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           218254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7307820000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7307820000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47957000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47957000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9674756500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9674756500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16982576500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17030533500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16982576500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17030533500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.708861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.708861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.708861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77721.268585                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77721.268585                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95152.777778                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95152.777778                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78196.279622                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78196.279622                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95152.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77991.166475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78030.796686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95152.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77991.166475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78030.796686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        436356                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       218115                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             124227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       138427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            79676                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             94026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            94027                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        124227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       654610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       654610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 654610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     22827584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     22827584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                22827584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            218253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  218253    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              218253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1008287500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1138143500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       437024                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       218505                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           93                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            866                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          866                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            124470                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       273250                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          706                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          163425                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            94044                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           94045                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           717                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       123754                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       653404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                655538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        90688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22567744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               22658432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          218883                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   8859712                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           437397                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002193                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 436438     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    959      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             437397                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          354041000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1075999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         326699999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
