
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10946685737625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              101333258                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                189740394                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              243180844                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    62.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6361888102                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11912252153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       29170432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           29170496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     23742528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        23742528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          455788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              455789                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        370977                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             370977                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1910642202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1910646394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1555118415                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1555118415                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1555118415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1910642202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3465764809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      455789                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     370977                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    455789                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   370977                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               29168768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                23742784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                29170496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             23742528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             28551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             27997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             28283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             28898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             28919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             28994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             28918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             28291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             28265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             28777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            28757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            28234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            27920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            28462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            28446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            28050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             23307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             22798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             23060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             23486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             23501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             23603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             23516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             23050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             23001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             23417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            23417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            23004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            22669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            23138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            23198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            22816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267329500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                455789                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               370977                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  138505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  140066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  114169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   63021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  11807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  19298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  23343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  24103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  24827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  25380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  25502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  25635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  25669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  25466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  25386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  27584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  33666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  25273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  23558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       496640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    106.540851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.635560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   116.993094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       399357     80.41%     80.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        48680      9.80%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21763      4.38%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        13161      2.65%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7030      1.42%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4093      0.82%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1743      0.35%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          607      0.12%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          206      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       496640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        23177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.664538                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.478278                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.731156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-9               1      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10-11            15      0.06%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-13            58      0.25%      0.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15           954      4.12%      4.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17          3954     17.06%     21.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          6699     28.90%     50.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          6180     26.66%     77.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          3346     14.44%     91.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          1340      5.78%     97.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           459      1.98%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           126      0.54%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            37      0.16%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             5      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         23177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        23177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.006429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.006108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.105518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            23073     99.55%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               68      0.29%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               28      0.12%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         23177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  18977666000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             27523203500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2278810000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     41639.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                60389.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1910.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1555.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1910.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   1555.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        27.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    14.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   12.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       3.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   311384                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   18721                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 68.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 5.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      18466.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    39.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1780815960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                946533720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1633996140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              972595620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           4721589300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             25247520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2181685830                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        24128640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            13491901770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            883.709810                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           4847328250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      7352000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     62749000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    9902732000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4784651125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1765179360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                938215080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1620144540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              963925200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           4717044120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             25442880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2185462080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        24580800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            13445303100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            880.657630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           4856763750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      7884000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     63983500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    9892836375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4792780250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1168849                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1168849                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            15644                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1018324                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                    360                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1018324                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            342292                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          676032                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1161                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2941754                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     852855                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       124341                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           16                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     556763                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            567997                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5399704                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1168849                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            342652                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29950259                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  31402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          267                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   556763                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2882                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.313546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.426201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28877058     94.57%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   99969      0.33%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  102066      0.33%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  187953      0.62%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  200382      0.66%     96.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  104473      0.34%     96.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  125861      0.41%     97.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   64820      0.21%     97.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  771642      2.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.038279                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.176838                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  319766                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29027024                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   515572                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               656161                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 15701                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9155712                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 15701                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  560814                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               20259535                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          4561                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   861882                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              8831731                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9067144                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               163681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2798466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               7492118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  4576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10683907                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24720830                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13608968                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               19                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              9800127                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  883744                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            20                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3918400                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1765809                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             885062                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           428739                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          139860                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8953696                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 38                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  9974207                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9469                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         634723                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       999049                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            38                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.326657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.062610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26653972     87.29%     87.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1533686      5.02%     92.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             732914      2.40%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             587104      1.92%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             455314      1.49%     98.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             242211      0.79%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             177611      0.58%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              95892      0.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              55520      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   4980      2.03%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                169541     69.21%     71.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                70450     28.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             7088      0.07%      0.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6155348     61.71%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  8      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2952636     29.60%     91.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             859127      8.61%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               9974207                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.326652                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     244971                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.024560                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          50737060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9588492                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8673451                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 18                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                26                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10212081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      9                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          101255                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       108646                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        83225                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            2                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1407071                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 15701                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               12941942                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4954231                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8953734                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1574                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1765809                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              885062                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                27                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                117408                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4764260                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         11992                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5984                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               17976                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              9938346                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2941754                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            35861                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     3794609                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1049218                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    852855                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.325477                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       8674096                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      8673460                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  6097685                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 10518433                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.284053                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.579714                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         636216                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            15644                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30441701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.273276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28641183     94.09%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       415228      1.36%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       144593      0.47%     95.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       392643      1.29%     97.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32613      0.11%     97.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22795      0.07%     97.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56035      0.18%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        36895      0.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       699716      2.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30441701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             4675161                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               8318973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       2458988                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1657161                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1027375                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  8315001                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3972      0.05%      0.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         5856013     70.39%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1657161     19.92%     90.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        801827      9.64%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          8318973                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               699716                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38697174                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18003253                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              8                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            464                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4675161                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8318973                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              6.531259                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        6.531259                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.153110                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.153110                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                15370847                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6764999                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                       15                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                       9                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  5900738                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 3403842                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                5932471                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           534496                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1221034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           534496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.284459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          616                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         10126792                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        10126792                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       627035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         627035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       800726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        800726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1427761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1427761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1427761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1427761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       969211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       969211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       970313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        970313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       970313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       970313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  85509186000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85509186000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    121614842                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    121614842                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  85630800842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  85630800842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  85630800842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  85630800842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1596246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1596246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       801828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       801828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2398074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2398074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2398074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2398074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.607181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.607181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.404622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.404622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.404622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.404622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88225.562855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88225.562855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110358.295826                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110358.295826                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88250.699354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88250.699354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88250.699354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88250.699354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     19227244                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           362615                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    53.023852                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       448250                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           448250                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       435815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       435815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       435816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       435816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       435816                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       435816                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       533396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       533396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       534497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       534497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       534497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       534497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  52657540500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  52657540500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    120489342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120489342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  52778029842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52778029842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  52778029842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52778029842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.222886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.222886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98721.288686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98721.288686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 109436.277929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109436.277929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98743.360285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98743.360285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98743.360285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98743.360285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 18                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   18                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2227053                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2227053                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       556762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         556762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       556762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          556762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       556762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         556762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       556763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       556763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       556763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       556763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       556763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       556763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       149000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       149000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       149000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       149000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       149000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       149000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       148000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       148000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       148000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       148000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       148000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       148000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       148000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       148000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    455790                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      600061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    455790                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.316530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.037499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.034146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.928356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        12382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   9007422                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  9007422                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       448250                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           448250                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         78683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             78683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                78708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    78708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               78708                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   78708                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1076                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1076                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       454713                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          454713                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             455789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 455790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            455789                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                455790                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    118279000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     118279000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       146500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       146500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50926717000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  50926717000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       146500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  51044996000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      51045142500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       146500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  51044996000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     51045142500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       448250                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       448250                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       533396                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        533396                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           534497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               534498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          534497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              534498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977293                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.977293                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.852487                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.852487                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.852744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.852744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.852744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.852744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 109924.721190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109924.721190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       146500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       146500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111997.495123                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111997.495123                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       146500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111992.601840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111992.677549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       146500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111992.601840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111992.677549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               370976                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    370976                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1076                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1076                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       454713                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       454713                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        455789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            455790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       455789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           455790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    107519000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107519000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       136500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       136500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  46379597000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46379597000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       136500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  46487116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46487252500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       136500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  46487116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46487252500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.852487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.852487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.852744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.852744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.852744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.852744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99924.721190                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99924.721190                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       136500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       136500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101997.517115                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101997.517115                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       136500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101992.623780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101992.699489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       136500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101992.623780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101992.699489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        911579                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       455790                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             454713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       370977                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            84813                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1076                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1076                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        454713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1367368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1367368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1367368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     52913024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     52913024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                52913024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            455789                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  455789    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              455789                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          2486728000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization              16.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2401064500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             15.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1068995                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       534498                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           41                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            533396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       819226                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          171060                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       533396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1603489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1603492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     62895744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               62895872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          455790                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  23742464                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           990288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000052                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.007176                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 990237     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     51      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             990288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          982748500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         801744000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
