
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10442863381500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               64724391                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                120873635                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              160335318                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    95.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6163141045                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11509747692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9983936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10008384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9937344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9937344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155271                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155271                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1601326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653940588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             655541915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1601326                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1601326                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       650888846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            650888846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       650888846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1601326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653940588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1306430761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156382                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155271                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156382                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155271                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10008448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9937536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10008448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9937344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267228000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156382                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155271                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    727.378601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   567.482890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.744788                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2113      7.71%      7.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2167      7.90%     15.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2055      7.49%     23.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1631      5.95%     29.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1589      5.79%     34.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1507      5.50%     40.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1345      4.90%     45.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1336      4.87%     50.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13679     49.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.125490                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.077425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.550906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               5      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             49      0.51%      0.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            99      1.02%      1.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9392     96.84%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           110      1.13%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            22      0.23%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            10      0.10%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             4      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010930                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009859                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.200248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9663     99.64%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               11      0.11%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.08%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2878335500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5810498000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  781910000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18405.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37155.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       655.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       650.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    655.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    650.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142931                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141303                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48987.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98075040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52128120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560404320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406048140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         748631520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1502948640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61184160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2096795160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       309207360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1585558740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7420981200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.068902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11811976875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42388000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317256000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6408607500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    805225750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3095723250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4598143625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97710900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51934575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556156020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              404482140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         754777920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1526773500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63945600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2069643210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       334115520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1571120820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7430660205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            486.702870                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11682154625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44968250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     319940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6343851125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    870117750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3149735250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4538731750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1335963                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1335963                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7244                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1327890                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4406                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               935                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1327890                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1287778                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           40112                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5085                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     350228                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1320399                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          903                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2705                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      52949                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          271                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             79150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5832860                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1335963                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1292184                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30411960                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1013                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           32                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    52783                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2123                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30500117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.385604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.664630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28799448     94.42%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40261      0.13%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42639      0.14%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224847      0.74%     95.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27821      0.09%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8852      0.03%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9702      0.03%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25232      0.08%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1321315      4.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30500117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043752                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.191024                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  431087                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28586803                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   641867                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               832809                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7551                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11691096                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7551                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  708440                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 278657                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17144                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1196166                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28292159                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11654293                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1315                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 16776                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27999860                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14834846                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24658900                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13397781                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           304486                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14547680                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  287166                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               170                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           177                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5063588                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              361529                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1329062                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20677                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           18205                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11588392                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                922                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11520810                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         187495                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       273130                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           795                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30500117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.256501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27376986     89.76%     89.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             469947      1.54%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             568990      1.87%     93.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347342      1.14%     94.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             338959      1.11%     95.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1087917      3.57%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119509      0.39%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             165354      0.54%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25113      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30500117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73109     94.21%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  483      0.62%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   743      0.96%     95.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  230      0.30%     96.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2795      3.60%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             246      0.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4509      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9759904     84.72%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 113      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  346      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              80692      0.70%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              306665      2.66%     88.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1280414     11.11%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46595      0.40%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41572      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11520810                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.377302                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77606                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006736                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53244571                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11569422                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11311029                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             377030                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            207607                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       184641                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11403701                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 190206                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2595                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25460                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          231                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14358                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           21                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          619                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7551                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  55401                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               179448                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11589314                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               361529                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1329062                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               411                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   378                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               178925                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           231                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2022                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7161                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9183                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11503878                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               350068                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16932                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1670448                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1306444                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1320380                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376748                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11499232                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11495670                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8393792                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11795444                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376479                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.711613                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         187761                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7380                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.279128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27441280     90.06%     90.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       338314      1.11%     91.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322912      1.06%     92.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1168485      3.83%     96.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63874      0.21%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       751739      2.47%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72457      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22331      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       288372      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5635359                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11401819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1650773                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336069                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1299063                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180921                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11306820                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2363      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9669709     84.81%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             87      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78613      0.69%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         291750      2.56%     88.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1273708     11.17%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44319      0.39%     99.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40996      0.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11401819                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               288372                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41770972                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23210090                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            325                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34572                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5635359                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11401819                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.418411                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.418411                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184556                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184556                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13153448                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8725500                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   283282                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  142338                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6515832                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5786378                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4291155                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156056                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1502543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.628230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6800256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6800256                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       342380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         342380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1160158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1160158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1502538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1502538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1502538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1502538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154558                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154558                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158512                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158512                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    349665500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    349665500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13937839496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13937839496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14287504996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14287504996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14287504996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14287504996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       346334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       346334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1314716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1314716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1661050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1661050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1661050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1661050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117560                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117560                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88433.358624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88433.358624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90178.699880                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90178.699880                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90135.163243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90135.163243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90135.163243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90135.163243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15979                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          199                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              188                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    84.994681                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    99.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154996                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154996                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    158191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13782664998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13782664998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13940855998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13940855998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13940855998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13940855998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117554                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117554                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104623.677249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104623.677249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89179.327066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89179.327066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89328.958991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89328.958991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89328.958991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89328.958991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              699                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.000199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            3660924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          5237.373391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.000199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          817                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           211837                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          211837                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        51912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          51912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        51912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           51912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        51912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          51912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     68949499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68949499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     68949499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68949499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     68949499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68949499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        52783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        52783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        52783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        52783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        52783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79161.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79161.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79161.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79161.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79161.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79161.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          143                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    71.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          699                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              699                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48129500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48129500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48129500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48129500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48129500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48129500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68268.794326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68268.794326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68268.794326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68268.794326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68268.794326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68268.794326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156985                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       53.735388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        34.298679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16295.965933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          945                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8625                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6708                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2664929                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2664929                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154996                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154996                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          698                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              698                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            317                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                317                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 317                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154527                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154527                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          382                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              382                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1473                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1473                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156000                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13550564000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13550564000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43717000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     43717000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    155425000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    155425000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43717000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13705989000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13749706000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13705989000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13749706000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154996                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154996                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          698                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          698                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154544                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154544                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          699                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            699                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1512                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1512                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546495                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.546495                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.974206                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.974206                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.546495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.546495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87690.591288                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87690.591288                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114442.408377                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114442.408377                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105515.953836                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105515.953836                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114442.408377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87858.903846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87923.840340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114442.408377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87858.903846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87923.840340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155271                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155271                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154527                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154527                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          382                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          382                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1473                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1473                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12005294000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12005294000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39897000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39897000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    140695000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140695000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12145989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12185886000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12145989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12185886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.546495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.974206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77690.591288                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77690.591288                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104442.408377                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104442.408377                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95515.953836                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95515.953836                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104442.408377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77858.903846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77923.840340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104442.408377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77858.903846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77923.840340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312861                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156494                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19945792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19945792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19945792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156382                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156382    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156382                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           934534000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          822356000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313522                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156755                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          104                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            567                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          567                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          699                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2774                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154544                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154544                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           705                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1512                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2103                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        89472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19907328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19996800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156991                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9937728                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313752                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002139                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313081     99.79%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    671      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313752                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312456000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1057500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234087998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
