
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3816836031250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               75011702                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                139018671                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              204850993                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    74.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5590546082                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10360923209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12167872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12167936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        41216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           41216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          190123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              190124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           644                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                644                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         796986817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             796991009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2699618                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2699618                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2699618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        796986817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            799690627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      190125                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        644                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    190125                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      644                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12162752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5248                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   40960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12168000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                41216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     82                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267371500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                190125                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  644                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   41322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.420766                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.953831                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.663747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43745     44.96%     44.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43492     44.70%     89.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8732      8.97%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1146      1.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          125      0.13%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           29      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4713.600000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4619.299494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    949.556382                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            3      7.50%      7.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      2.50%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5     12.50%     22.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4     10.00%     32.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      7.50%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      7.50%     47.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      7.50%     55.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      5.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            5     12.50%     72.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            5     12.50%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      2.50%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      5.00%     92.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            2      5.00%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      2.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               40    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4697658500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8260964750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  950215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24718.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43468.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       796.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    797.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    92830                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     552                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80030.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347532360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184714035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               677450340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1753920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1619962230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24128160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5191705350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       102390720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9354946155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.742208                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11650562625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    266971000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3096495250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11384417875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347196780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184516695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               679449540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1586880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1617703320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24600960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5183483670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       110743680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9353975925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.678659                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11656428250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9726500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509606000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    288568250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3091583375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11367860000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1305262                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1305262                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            55429                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              964888                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  45563                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6446                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         964888                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            553292                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          411596                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        20659                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     691339                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      69730                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       151282                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1114                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1081036                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3418                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1107722                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3961494                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1305262                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            598855                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29300310                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 113178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1299                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        31714                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1077618                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7664                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30498388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.261118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.289936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28968324     94.98%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   19239      0.06%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  522796      1.71%     96.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   32359      0.11%     96.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  113837      0.37%     97.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   61853      0.20%     97.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   89508      0.29%     97.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   23673      0.08%     97.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  666799      2.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30498388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042747                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.129737                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  543083                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28891521                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   712553                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               294642                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 56589                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6710103                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 56589                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  633933                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27710488                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         19161                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   846097                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1232120                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6444844                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                58140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1009177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                160415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7693846                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17781173                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8616386                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            50009                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3265592                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4428348                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               257                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           311                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1875689                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1102871                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              97176                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5160                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4293                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6102253                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5017                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4619044                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7731                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3402138                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6776504                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5017                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30498388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.151452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.714176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28581671     93.72%     93.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             785079      2.57%     96.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             409457      1.34%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             280840      0.92%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             230517      0.76%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              86609      0.28%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              73001      0.24%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              30300      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              20914      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30498388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14458     71.41%     71.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1487      7.34%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3779     18.67%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  310      1.53%     98.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              212      1.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17315      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3771820     81.66%     82.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1351      0.03%     82.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                14621      0.32%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              19034      0.41%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              716227     15.51%     98.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              74520      1.61%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4156      0.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4619044                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.151272                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      20246                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004383                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39716190                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9468369                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4433638                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              48263                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             41042                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        21210                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4597086                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  24889                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7568                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       625151                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          163                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        53713                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           72                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          983                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 56589                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25877210                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               240476                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6107270                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3621                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1102871                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               97176                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1842                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 12759                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                35562                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         28781                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        35398                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               64179                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4537650                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               690971                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            81394                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      760680                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  568702                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     69709                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.148606                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4471940                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4454848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3181167                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5304113                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.145895                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.599755                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3402564                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            56587                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30013544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.090133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.565063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28868470     96.18%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       509469      1.70%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       141891      0.47%     98.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       347441      1.16%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48259      0.16%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29564      0.10%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6706      0.02%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5415      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        56329      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30013544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1357663                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2705203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        521190                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       477727                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    462051                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     17696                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2687394                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7675                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5361      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2150118     79.48%     79.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            307      0.01%     79.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           13155      0.49%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         15072      0.56%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         475103     17.56%     98.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         43463      1.61%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2624      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2705203                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                56329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36064982                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12701974                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            299                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          36300                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1357663                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2705203                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.490624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.490624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.044463                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.044463                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4941351                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3828538                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    37155                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   18583                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3042337                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1338114                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2321700                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           238961                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             310861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           238961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.300886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3128841                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3128841                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       265306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         265306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        42471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         42471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       307777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          307777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       307777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         307777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       413701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       413701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          992                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          992                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       414693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        414693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       414693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       414693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33222112500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33222112500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52036000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     52036000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33274148500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33274148500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33274148500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33274148500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       679007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       679007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        43463                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43463                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       722470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       722470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       722470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       722470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.609274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.609274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.573993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.573993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.573993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.573993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80304.646351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80304.646351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52455.645161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52455.645161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80238.027891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80238.027891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80238.027891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80238.027891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17172                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              645                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.623256                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       175725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       175725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       175731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       175731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       175731                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       175731                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       237976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       237976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          986                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          986                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       238962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       238962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       238962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       238962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18925132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18925132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     50698000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50698000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18975830000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18975830000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18975830000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18975830000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.350477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022686                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022686                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79525.380711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79525.380711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51417.849899                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51417.849899                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79409.404006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79409.404006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79409.404006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79409.404006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               5225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                 5225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4310473                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4310473                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1077617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1077617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1077617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1077617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1077617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1077617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1077618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1077618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1077618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1077618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1077618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1077618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    190131                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      288509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    190131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.517422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.003717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.107773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.888509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10666                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4011323                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4011323                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2357                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2357                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               567                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   567                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         48271                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             48271                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                48838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    48838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               48838                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   48838                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             419                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 419                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       189705                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          189705                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             190124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 190125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            190124                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                190125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43029500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      43029500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       103500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18032033500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18032033500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18075063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18075166500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18075063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18075166500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2357                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2357                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           986                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               986                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       237976                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        237976                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           238962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               238963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          238962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              238963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.424949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.424949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.797160                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.797160                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.795624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.795625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.795624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.795625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102695.704057                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102695.704057                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95053.021797                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95053.021797                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95069.864930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95069.909270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95069.864930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95069.909270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          419                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            419                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189705                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       189705                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        190124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            190125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           190125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38839500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38839500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16134993500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16134993500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16173833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16173926500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16173833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16173926500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.424949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.797160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.797160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.795624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.795625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.795624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.795625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92695.704057                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92695.704057                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85053.074510                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85053.074510                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85069.917528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85069.961867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85069.917528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85069.961867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        380241                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       190123                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             189705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           189472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        189706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       570365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       570365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 570365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12209152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12209152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12209152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            190125                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  190125    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              190125                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           451016500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1028902000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       477925                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       238962                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          496                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             17                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            237976                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          426091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              986                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             986                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       237976                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       716884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                716887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15444352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15444480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          190131                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     41216                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           429094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034758                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 428581     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    511      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             429094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          241320500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         358441500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
