
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3374083051625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              112270621                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                207946022                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              308977431                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    49.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5547569007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10275129031                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12253056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12253056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        49152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           49152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          191454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              191454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           768                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                768                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         802566308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             802566308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3219420                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3219420                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3219420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        802566308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            805785728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      191454                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        768                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    191454                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      768                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12245824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    7296                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   49280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12253056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                49152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    114                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267331000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                191454                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  768                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  144469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.103013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.416720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.499353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43516     44.63%     44.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43696     44.82%     89.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8856      9.08%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1228      1.26%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          151      0.15%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3970.229167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3833.154072                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1037.284225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            2      4.17%      4.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            3      6.25%     10.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      2.08%     12.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            3      6.25%     18.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            6     12.50%     31.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      2.08%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            7     14.58%     47.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            6     12.50%     60.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5     10.42%     70.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      2.08%     72.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      6.25%     79.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      2.08%     81.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            4      8.33%     89.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.08%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      2.08%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            3      6.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.041667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.039309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.288675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               47     97.92%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4714523500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8302167250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  956705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24639.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43389.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       802.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    802.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    93955                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     658                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79425.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                352094820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187150425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               691323360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1247580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1632209820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24518880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5193270570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        90368640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9377493135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.219019                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11624788500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9522000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    235493750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3123173625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11389294750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                344048040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182869665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               674858520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2771820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1597898670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24540960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5217606720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        98746560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9348649995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.329814                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11699034250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9531000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    257321000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3048320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11442312125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1836976                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1836976                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            94016                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1469261                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  76510                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12717                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1469261                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            742942                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          726319                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        36128                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     896893                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      97701                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       156682                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1648                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1443534                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         9627                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1486353                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5666893                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1836976                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            819452                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28737229                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 194448                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      5074                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        88679                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1433907                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                12584                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     12                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30416787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.376082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.549190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28290546     93.01%     93.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   36818      0.12%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  657577      2.16%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   46129      0.15%     95.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  148286      0.49%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  101386      0.33%     96.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   99819      0.33%     96.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   39960      0.13%     96.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  996266      3.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30416787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.060160                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.185589                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  803164                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28081851                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1100747                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               333801                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 97224                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9421854                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 97224                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  917917                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26695435                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         21352                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1239692                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1445167                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8986230                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               110778                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1025260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                363571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10670586                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24541009                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12116656                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            63357                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3570745                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7099841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               315                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           413                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2055121                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1528520                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             141556                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8419282                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7461                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6125303                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9195                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5453158                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10525713                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7461                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30416787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.201379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.844265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28066198     92.27%     92.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             867433      2.85%     95.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             478375      1.57%     96.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             330519      1.09%     97.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             353750      1.16%     98.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             134661      0.44%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             110362      0.36%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              44826      0.15%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              30663      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30416787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  18901     70.73%     70.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1965      7.35%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5149     19.27%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  493      1.84%     99.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              195      0.73%     99.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              18      0.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            30911      0.50%      0.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4998711     81.61%     82.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2138      0.03%     82.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                18325      0.30%     82.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              24514      0.40%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              940992     15.36%     98.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             105024      1.71%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4646      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            42      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6125303                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.200601                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      26721                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004362                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42642427                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13829197                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5819720                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              60882                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             50708                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        26770                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6089732                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  31381                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            9227                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1005207                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          344                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88098                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           90                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1071                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 97224                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24148057                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               294654                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8426743                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6920                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1528520                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              141556                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2691                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 22457                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                95776                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         47350                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63009                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              110359                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5984939                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               896427                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           140364                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      994109                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  685273                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     97682                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.196005                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5876144                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5846490                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4323152                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6902897                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.191470                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.626281                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5454222                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            97221                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29621251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.100387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.607461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28402214     95.88%     95.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       540298      1.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       138959      0.47%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       344755      1.16%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        72936      0.25%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        39827      0.13%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10365      0.03%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7141      0.02%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        64756      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29621251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1489183                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2973585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        576771                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       523313                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    501164                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     21364                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2951985                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                9425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6436      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2356172     79.24%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            377      0.01%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           15565      0.52%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         18264      0.61%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         520213     17.49%     98.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         53458      1.80%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3100      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2973585                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                64756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37984302                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17654093                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            923                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         117901                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1489183                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2973585                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             20.504322                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       20.504322                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.048770                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.048770                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6334213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5077756                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    47246                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   23610                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3520824                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1623968                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3017645                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           247595                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             494202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           247595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.996010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          771                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3985475                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3985475                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       433228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         433228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        52405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         52405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       485633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          485633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       485633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         485633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       447784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       447784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1053                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1053                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       448837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        448837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       448837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       448837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35049110500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35049110500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     61419000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61419000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35110529500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35110529500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35110529500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35110529500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       881012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       881012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        53458                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        53458                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       934470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       934470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       934470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       934470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.508261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.508261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019698                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019698                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.480312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.480312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.480312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.480312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78272.360111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78272.360111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58327.635328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58327.635328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78225.568525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78225.568525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78225.568525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78225.568525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        22724                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              730                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.128767                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       201236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       201242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       201242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       246548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       246548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       247595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       247595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       247595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       247595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19108443000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19108443000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     59812000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59812000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19168255000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19168255000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19168255000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19168255000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.279846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.279846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019585                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019585                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.264958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.264958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77503.946493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77503.946493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57127.029608                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57127.029608                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77417.779034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77417.779034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77417.779034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77417.779034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5735628                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5735628                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1433907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1433907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1433907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1433907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1433907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1433907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1433907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1433907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1433907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1433907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1433907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1433907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    191470                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      300657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    191470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.570256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.086666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.913334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10518                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4545                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4151126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4151126                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               534                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   534                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         55607                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             55607                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                56141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    56141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               56141                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   56141                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             513                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 513                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       190941                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          190941                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             191454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 191454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            191454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                191454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52399000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      52399000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18125479000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18125479000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18177878000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18177878000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18177878000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18177878000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1047                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1047                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       246548                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        246548                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           247595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               247595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          247595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              247595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.489971                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.489971                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.774458                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.774458                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.773255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.773255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.773255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.773255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102142.300195                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102142.300195                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94927.118848                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94927.118848                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94946.451889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94946.451889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94946.451889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94946.451889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  768                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       768                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            6                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             6                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          513                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            513                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190941                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       190941                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        191454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            191454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           191454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47269000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47269000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16216069000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16216069000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16263338000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16263338000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16263338000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16263338000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.489971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.489971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.774458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.773255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.773255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.773255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.773255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92142.300195                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92142.300195                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84927.118848                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84927.118848                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84946.451889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84946.451889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84946.451889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84946.451889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        382902                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       191454                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             190941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          768                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           190680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        190941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       574356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       574356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 574356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12302208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12302208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12302208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            191454                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  191454    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              191454                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           451376000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1035798500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       495190                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       247595                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          448                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             28                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           23                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            246548                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3070                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          435995                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1047                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1047                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       246548                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       742785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                742785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15993408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15993408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          191470                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     49152                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           439065                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001096                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.033423                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 438589     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    471      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             439065                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          249897000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         371392500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
