
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10595536822750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               65762793                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                122906444                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              161457894                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    94.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6218480846                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11621944225                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9998720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10017920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9906048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9906048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1257586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654908930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656166516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1257586                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1257586                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       648838981                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            648838981                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       648838981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1257586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654908930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1305005496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156530                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154782                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156530                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154782                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10017920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9906176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10017920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9906048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267354000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156530                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154782                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    731.078007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   569.614752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   360.122376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2038      7.48%      7.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2372      8.70%     16.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1892      6.94%     23.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1599      5.87%     28.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1377      5.05%     34.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1384      5.08%     39.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1402      5.14%     44.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1454      5.33%     49.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13736     50.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.191870                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.131686                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.842598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               4      0.04%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             38      0.39%      0.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            70      0.72%      1.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9377     96.99%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           120      1.24%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            31      0.32%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             9      0.09%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             7      0.07%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             3      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009773                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.223726                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9638     99.70%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      0.06%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                3      0.03%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               10      0.10%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2879986750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5814924250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  782650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18398.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37148.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       648.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    648.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143012                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141048                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49041.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98032200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52105350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560561400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404095860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         738797280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1478022540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61495680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2094503190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       295646880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1605955680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7389298860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            483.993732                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11865667625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     40239250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     313078000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6502614500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    769917000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3048359250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4593136125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96561360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51323580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557062800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403850520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         741870480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1484414520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65634720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2066667240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       313378080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1605782040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7386545340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            483.813378                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11811232375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46143000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     314420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6492861875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    816076750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3065808500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4532034000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1289628                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1289628                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6339                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1282162                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3432                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               742                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1282162                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1247735                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           34427                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4387                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     416725                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1275426                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          706                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2624                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      48099                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          211                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             69602                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5715358                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1289628                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1251167                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30431045                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          792                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47966                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1798                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.380003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.641757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28778058     94.33%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   48200      0.16%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   50782      0.17%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  281670      0.92%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   30946      0.10%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8859      0.03%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8776      0.03%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   29187      0.10%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1271672      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042235                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.187176                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  398491                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28649615                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   675237                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               778214                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6593                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11532175                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6593                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  680206                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 233494                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11823                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1170662                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28405372                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11500063                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 16569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4680                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28107966                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14745425                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24211296                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13243711                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           301163                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14486408                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  259077                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4821795                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              426407                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1282779                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20474                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           23549                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11440683                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                690                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11381614                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1969                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         165533                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       239295                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           580                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508150                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.373068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.259980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27443454     89.95%     89.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             484641      1.59%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             538393      1.76%     93.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             351871      1.15%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             299782      0.98%     95.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1024647      3.36%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             144325      0.47%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             192035      0.63%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              29002      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508150                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  90221     95.39%     95.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     95.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     95.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  493      0.52%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   715      0.76%     96.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  195      0.21%     96.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2782      2.94%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             177      0.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4205      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9600974     84.36%     84.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  86      0.00%     84.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  282      0.00%     84.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              79953      0.70%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              372835      3.28%     88.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1238539     10.88%     99.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46546      0.41%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38194      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11381614                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.372744                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      94583                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008310                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52999273                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11402544                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11178490                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             368662                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            204552                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       180519                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11285987                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 186005                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2022                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22624                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          197                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12193                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          646                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6593                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  53561                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               144301                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11441373                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               426407                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1282779                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               306                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   392                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               143737                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           197                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1803                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6176                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7979                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11366347                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               416565                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            15272                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1691974                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1263959                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1275409                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.372244                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11362025                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11359009                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8309055                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11518805                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.372003                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.721347                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         165730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6444                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30481661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.369923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.293298                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27521284     90.29%     90.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       357113      1.17%     91.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323064      1.06%     92.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1114573      3.66%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64126      0.21%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       644576      2.11%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        89690      0.29%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        26491      0.09%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       340744      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30481661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5536644                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11275873                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1674375                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       403786                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1257464                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    176800                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11181622                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2236      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9520967     84.44%     84.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78009      0.69%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         359591      3.19%     88.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1232911     10.93%     99.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44195      0.39%     99.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11275873                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               340744                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41582520                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22910119                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            267                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26538                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5536644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11275873                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.515017                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.515017                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.181323                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.181323                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13030626                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8676739                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   278530                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  141651                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6305983                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5764271                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4226828                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156302                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1600459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.239530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6892854                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6892854                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       409951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         409951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1115595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1115595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1525546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1525546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1525546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1525546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155000                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155000                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    321420500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    321420500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13982691997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13982691997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14304112497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14304112497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14304112497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14304112497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       413543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       413543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1270595                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1270595                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1684138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1684138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1684138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1684138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.121990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.094168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.094168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89482.321826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89482.321826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90210.916110                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90210.916110                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90194.413949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90194.413949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90194.413949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90194.413949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14984                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1263                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              164                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.365854                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   631.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    137041000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137041000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13826984499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13826984499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13964025499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13964025499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13964025499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13964025499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121983                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121983                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104213.688213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104213.688213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89211.531631                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89211.531631                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89337.744546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89337.744546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89337.744546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89337.744546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              552                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.853862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              11472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            20.782609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.853862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           192420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          192420                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        47273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          47273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        47273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           47273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        47273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          47273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     52225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     52225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75360.750361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75360.750361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75360.750361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75360.750361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75360.750361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75360.750361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          552                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              552                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36615500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36615500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36615500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36615500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36615500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36615500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65855.215827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65855.215827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65855.215827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65855.215827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65855.215827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65855.215827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157004                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       52.041528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.264948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16298.693524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9561                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2666444                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2666444                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155347                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155347                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          551                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              551                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            251                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                251                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154961                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154961                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          301                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              301                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1269                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1269                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156230                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13594156500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13594156500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33112000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     33112000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    134513500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    134513500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13728670000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13761782000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33112000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13728670000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13761782000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155347                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155347                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          551                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          551                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154987                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154987                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          552                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            552                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1315                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1315                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999832                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999832                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545290                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.545290                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.965019                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.965019                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.545290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.545290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87726.308555                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87726.308555                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110006.644518                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110006.644518                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105999.605989                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105999.605989                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110006.644518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87874.735966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87917.294338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110006.644518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87874.735966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87917.294338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154782                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154782                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154961                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154961                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          300                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          300                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1269                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12044546500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12044546500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30100000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30100000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    121823500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121823500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30100000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12166370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12196470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30100000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12166370000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12196470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.543478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.965019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.965019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77726.308555                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77726.308555                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95999.605989                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95999.605989                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77874.735966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77917.779339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77874.735966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77917.779339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312913                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156404                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1601                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19923968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19923968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19923968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156530                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156530    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156530                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           932557500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823327500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313716                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156855                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          106                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            718                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          718                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1871                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310129                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154987                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154987                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           556                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1315                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        70656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19945536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20016192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157008                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9906304                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313866                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002625                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051171                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313042     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    824      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313866                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312757000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            834499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234455499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
