
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10473398069750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               63518904                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                118640983                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              157064645                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    97.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6174302257                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11532400483                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          23936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9945344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9969280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        23936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         23936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9896000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9896000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154625                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154625                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1567791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         651412840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             652980631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1567791                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1567791                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       648180844                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            648180844                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       648180844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1567791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        651412840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1301161475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155770                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154625                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155770                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154625                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9969280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9896512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9969280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9896000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267360000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155770                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154625                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    721.938513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   559.086227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   361.516774                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2175      7.90%      7.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2380      8.65%     16.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1990      7.23%     23.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1679      6.10%     29.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1380      5.01%     34.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1619      5.88%     40.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1350      4.91%     45.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1469      5.34%     51.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13476     48.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9655                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.134438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.086365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.538387                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               5      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             47      0.49%      0.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            96      0.99%      1.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9360     96.94%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           109      1.13%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            19      0.20%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             5      0.05%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9655                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9655                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.015847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.014278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.242256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9607     99.50%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               13      0.13%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               15      0.16%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               10      0.10%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                4      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9655                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2881220000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5801907500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  778850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18496.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37246.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       652.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       648.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    652.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    648.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142199                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140686                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49186.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99624420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52947840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560718480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405891540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         748016880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1508129370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63137280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2107339020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       299136480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1580699220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7425719340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.379247                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11795492125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     45287750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317044000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6395093625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    779000250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3109508250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4621410250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96854100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51482970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               551479320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              401292720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         750475440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1504605630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64067520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2068230750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       327366720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1588777500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7404684120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.001455                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11729227875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46289250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     318156000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6412702500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    852548250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3101948000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4535700125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1344220                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1344220                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7897                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1334348                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4203                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               884                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1334348                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1291523                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           42825                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5464                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     512665                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1327470                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          879                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2646                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      64784                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          333                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             90088                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6092368                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1344220                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1295726                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30400104                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 201                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1523                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           32                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    64546                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2301                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30500409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.404307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.682014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28620636     93.84%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   58201      0.19%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   62157      0.20%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  335178      1.10%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   38454      0.13%     95.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   12115      0.04%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12004      0.04%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   36241      0.12%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1325423      4.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30500409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.044023                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.199523                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  433454                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28510426                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   734784                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               813463                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8282                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12254492                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8282                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  719536                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 283596                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13512                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1260717                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28214766                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12214405                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 24112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27904430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15706735                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25729693                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        14104793                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           441134                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15382550                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  324185                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               155                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           161                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4873282                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              525272                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1336552                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30298                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           29099                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12141990                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                914                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 12067065                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2235                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         206941                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       301995                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           766                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30500409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.395636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.302297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27281221     89.45%     89.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             509804      1.67%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             557511      1.83%     92.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             362149      1.19%     94.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             313407      1.03%     95.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1046804      3.43%     98.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             174486      0.57%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             218988      0.72%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              36039      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30500409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 108047     94.56%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  697      0.61%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   978      0.86%     96.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  254      0.22%     96.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4078      3.57%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             209      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5620      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             10097031     83.67%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  93      0.00%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  340      0.00%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             118930      0.99%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              446831      3.70%     88.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1275252     10.57%     98.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69161      0.57%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53807      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              12067065                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.395192                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     114263                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009469                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54209048                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12053537                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11773222                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             541989                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            296562                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       265823                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11902270                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 273438                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2448                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28885                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          268                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14973                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           21                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          662                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8282                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  73900                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               163894                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           12142904                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              950                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               525272                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1336552                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               397                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   512                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               163134                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           268                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2222                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7649                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9871                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             12048396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               512440                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18669                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1839882                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1312526                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1327442                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.394581                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      12043034                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     12039045                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8829438                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12189492                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.394274                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.724348                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         207215                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             8088                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30467419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.391762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27378307     89.86%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       390404      1.28%     91.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326459      1.07%     92.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1140127      3.74%     95.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        67259      0.22%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       622519      2.04%     98.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       107667      0.35%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        32789      0.11%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       401888      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30467419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5868718                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11935963                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1817966                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       496387                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1304480                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    261078                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11795340                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1233                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3222      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9998016     83.76%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        116409      0.98%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         430219      3.60%     88.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1268380     10.63%     99.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66168      0.55%     99.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53199      0.45%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11935963                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               401888                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42208709                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24319929                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            316                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34279                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5868718                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11935963                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.202957                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.202957                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.192198                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.192198                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13838514                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9186204                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   412020                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  210975                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6545464                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6105655                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4474007                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1671867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.753838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7477503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7477503                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       504072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         504072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1167792                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1167792                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1671864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1671864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1671864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1671864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       153800                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153800                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    448360000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    448360000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13882849499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13882849499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14331209499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14331209499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14331209499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14331209499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       508917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       508917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1321592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1321592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1830509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1830509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1830509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1830509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.116375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92540.763674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92540.763674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90265.601424                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90265.601424                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90335.084617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90335.084617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90335.084617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90335.084617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17812                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2533                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              193                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    92.290155                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   844.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       153792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    174692500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    174692500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13728363499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13728363499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13903055999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13903055999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13903055999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13903055999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116369                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116369                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104045.562835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104045.562835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89265.784300                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89265.784300                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89425.397656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89425.397656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89425.397656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89425.397656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              693                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.747853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             711421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1026.581530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.747853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           258882                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          258882                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        63700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          63700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        63700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           63700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        63700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          63700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     61786498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61786498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     61786498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61786498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     61786498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61786498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        64546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        64546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        64546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        64546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        64546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73033.685579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73033.685579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73033.685579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73033.685579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73033.685579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73033.685579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           63                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          693                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              693                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46138500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46138500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46138500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46138500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46138500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46138500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66101.002865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66101.002865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66101.002865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66101.002865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66101.002865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66101.002865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156369                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      155984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.940840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        34.675596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16294.383564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          946                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8664                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6667                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2654769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2654769                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154201                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154201                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          692                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              692                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            320                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                320                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 320                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  71                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     391                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          153764                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              153764                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          374                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              374                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1632                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1632                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               374                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155396                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155770                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13497349500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13497349500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41706000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     41706000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    171588000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    171588000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41706000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13668937500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13710643500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41706000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13668937500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13710643500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154201                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154201                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          692                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          692                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        153788                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            153788                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          694                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            694                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1679                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1679                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538905                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.538905                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972007                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.972007                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.538905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.538905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87779.646081                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87779.646081                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111513.368984                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111513.368984                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105139.705882                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105139.705882                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111513.368984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87961.964915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88018.511267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111513.368984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87961.964915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88018.511267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154625                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154625                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153764                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         153764                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          374                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          374                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1632                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1632                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11959709500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11959709500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37966000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37966000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    155268000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155268000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37966000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12114977500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12152943500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37966000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12114977500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12152943500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77779.646081                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77779.646081                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101513.368984                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101513.368984                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95139.705882                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95139.705882                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101513.368984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77961.964915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78018.511267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101513.368984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77961.964915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78018.511267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        311618                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       155862                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            153764                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           153764                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       467388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       467388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 467388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19865280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19865280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19865280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155770                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155770    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155770                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           930804500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          819341250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312329                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156160                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          104                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            584                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          584                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2377                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       308826                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          693                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3010                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           153788                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          153788                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           698                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1679                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       466409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                468494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        88768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19818752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19907520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156373                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9896256                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312538                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 311850     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    688      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312538                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311058500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1047000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233203997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
