
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10702408231625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               61964196                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                115868020                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              151186388                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   100.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6257364677                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11700766610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          26176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9947776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9973952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        26176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         26176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9895680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9895680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1714509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         651572135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             653286644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1714509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1714509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       648159884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            648159884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       648159884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1714509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        651572135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1301446528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155843                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154620                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155843                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154620                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9973952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9896000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9973952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9895680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267273000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155843                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154620                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    721.296355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   556.227098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   363.067864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2291      8.32%      8.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2306      8.37%     16.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1924      6.98%     23.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1740      6.32%     29.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1410      5.12%     35.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1467      5.33%     40.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1433      5.20%     45.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1445      5.25%     50.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13532     49.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9655                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.141688                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.089662                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.585887                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               5      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             56      0.58%      0.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            78      0.81%      1.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9348     96.82%     98.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           121      1.25%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            26      0.27%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            10      0.10%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             4      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9655                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9655                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.015018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.013456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.242736                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9611     99.54%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               12      0.12%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.08%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               12      0.12%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                5      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9655                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2877604750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5799661000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  779215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18464.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37214.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       653.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       648.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    653.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    648.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142267                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140653                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49175.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99860040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 53076870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561818040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406596240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         755392560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1525398660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             65447520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2115608580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       306408000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1562373900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7451980410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            488.099328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11736464750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     49833000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     320146000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6314314125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    797977750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3145669250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4639404000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96825540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51463995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               550893840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              400546260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         746787600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1502843760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64486560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2061703680                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       329505600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1588780500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7393837335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.290999                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11803682500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44224250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316512000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6424329750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    858067250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3102925375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4521285500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1344766                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1344766                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7982                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1334068                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4179                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               900                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1334068                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1291554                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           42514                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5568                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     512339                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1327654                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          851                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2638                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      65111                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          283                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             92396                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6096036                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1344766                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1295733                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30397241                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1680                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           32                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    64927                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2369                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.404503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.682405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28619374     93.83%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   58004      0.19%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   62185      0.20%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  335367      1.10%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   38468      0.13%     95.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   12162      0.04%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   11950      0.04%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   36318      0.12%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1326024      4.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.044041                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.199643                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  433770                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28509033                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   734970                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               813748                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8331                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12259678                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8331                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  720285                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 291951                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13865                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1260741                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28204679                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12219486                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1550                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 24188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27893608                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15711939                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25740571                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        14109676                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           443171                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15384723                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  327216                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               150                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           159                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4876408                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              524832                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1337071                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30823                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           22861                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12145190                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                918                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 12069226                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2233                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         208406                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       305197                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           770                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.395714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.302445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27280585     89.44%     89.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             509294      1.67%     91.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             557799      1.83%     92.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             361836      1.19%     94.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             313265      1.03%     95.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1047735      3.44%     98.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             174344      0.57%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             218925      0.72%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              36069      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 107956     94.49%     94.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  717      0.63%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   957      0.84%     95.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  245      0.21%     96.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4167      3.65%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             210      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5723      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             10099097     83.68%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  96      0.00%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  327      0.00%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             119120      0.99%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              446268      3.70%     88.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1275502     10.57%     98.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69285      0.57%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53808      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              12069226                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.395263                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     114252                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009466                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54211934                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12056129                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11775518                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             542855                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            298626                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       266095                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11903830                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 273925                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2479                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28446                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          253                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15274                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           28                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          568                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8331                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  74023                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               171383                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           12146108                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1007                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               524832                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1337071                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               400                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   493                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               170633                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           253                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2243                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7735                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9978                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             12050621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               512108                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18605                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1839745                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1312722                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1327637                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.394653                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      12045408                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     12041613                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8830605                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12191459                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.394358                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.724327                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         208590                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             8142                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30466596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.391829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27376903     89.86%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       390398      1.28%     91.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326642      1.07%     92.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1140429      3.74%     95.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        67065      0.22%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       622903      2.04%     98.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       107618      0.35%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        32854      0.11%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       401784      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30466596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5869588                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11937702                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1818183                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       496386                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1304698                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    261076                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11797080                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1233                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3222      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9999539     83.76%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        116408      0.98%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         430219      3.60%     88.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1268598     10.63%     99.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66167      0.55%     99.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53199      0.45%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11937702                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               401784                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42211104                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24326430                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            332                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34836                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5869588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11937702                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.202186                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.202186                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.192227                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.192227                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13840191                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9187852                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   412387                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  211266                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6545851                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6106594                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4474411                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155511                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1671765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.750140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7477435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7477435                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       503782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         503782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1167979                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1167979                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1671761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1671761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1671761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1671761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       153831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    456095500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    456095500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13880693498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13880693498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14336788998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14336788998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14336788998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14336788998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       508671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       508671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1321810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1321810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1830481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1830481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1830481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1830481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116379                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.116379                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93290.141133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93290.141133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90233.395726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90233.395726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90327.551651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90327.551651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90327.551651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90327.551651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14518                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2413                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    75.614583                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   804.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154244                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154244                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3205                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3205                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       153818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    175600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    175600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13725799998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13725799998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13901399998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13901399998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13901399998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13901399998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116369                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116369                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103476.723630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103476.723630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89234.029814                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89234.029814                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89389.447950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89389.447950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89389.447950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89389.447950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.780664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             290054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           387.255007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.780664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          817                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           260461                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          260461                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        64005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          64005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        64005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           64005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        64005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          64005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          922                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          922                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     67477998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67477998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     67477998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67477998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     67477998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67477998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        64927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        64927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        64927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        64927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        64927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73186.548807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73186.548807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73186.548807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73186.548807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73186.548807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73186.548807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           72                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65828.685259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65828.685259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65828.685259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65828.685259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65828.685259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65828.685259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156484                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       59.401034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        37.922119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16286.676848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8711                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6613                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2656420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2656420                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154244                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154244                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          746                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              746                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            340                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                340                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            52                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                52                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   77                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 340                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  77                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     417                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          153790                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              153790                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          409                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              409                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1644                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1644                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               409                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155434                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155843                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13494897000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13494897000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44843000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     44843000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    172253500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    172253500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44843000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13667150500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13711993500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44843000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13667150500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13711993500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154244                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154244                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          746                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          746                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        153815                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            153815                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          749                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            749                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1696                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1696                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999837                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999837                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546061                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.546061                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.969340                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.969340                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.546061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.546061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87748.858833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87748.858833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109640.586797                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109640.586797                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104777.068127                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104777.068127                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109640.586797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87928.963419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87985.944187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109640.586797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87928.963419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87985.944187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154620                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154620                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153790                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         153790                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          409                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          409                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1644                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1644                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155434                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11956997000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11956997000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40753000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40753000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    155813500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155813500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12112810500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12153563500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12112810500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12153563500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.546061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.969340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77748.858833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77748.858833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99640.586797                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99640.586797                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94777.068127                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94777.068127                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99640.586797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77928.963419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77985.944187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99640.586797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77928.963419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77985.944187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        311741                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       155918                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154620                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1278                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            153790                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           153790                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       467584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       467584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 467584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19869632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19869632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19869632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155843                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155843    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155843                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           930892000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          819676000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312528                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156260                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          128                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            663                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          663                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       308864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          749                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3131                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           153815                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          153815                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           753                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1696                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       466541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                468792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        95872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19824320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19920192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156488                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9895936                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312752                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050227                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 311961     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    791      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312752                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311257000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1129500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233269498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
