
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10671873543375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               65322510                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                122129155                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              159665144                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    95.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6246202761                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11678112411                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9984640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10009024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9937792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9937792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155278                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155278                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1597134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653986700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             655583834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1597134                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1597134                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       650918190                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            650918190                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       650918190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1597134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653986700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1306502024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156392                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155278                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156392                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155278                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10009088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9937856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10009088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9937792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267276000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156392                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155278                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     725                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    725.187523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   562.409406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   361.900728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2125      7.73%      7.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2343      8.52%     16.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2059      7.49%     23.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1732      6.30%     30.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1273      4.63%     34.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1389      5.05%     39.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1461      5.31%     45.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1441      5.24%     50.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13683     49.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.126315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.076836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.554027                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               8      0.08%      0.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             47      0.48%      0.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            95      0.98%      1.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9391     96.83%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           120      1.24%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            17      0.18%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             8      0.08%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010293                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.208544                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9663     99.64%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               12      0.12%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.08%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.05%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2878557250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5810907250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  781960000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18406.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37156.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       655.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       650.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    655.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    650.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142866                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141299                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48985.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98439180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52321665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               559576080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405338220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         746787600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1515529680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61576800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2095721280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       299412480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1583721720                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7418539425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.908968                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11771274500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42887750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     316500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6407609875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    779750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3124836000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4595760500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97946520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52059810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557055660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              405218160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         752319360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1522769820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63871200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2071260300                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       323161920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1579269120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7424931870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            486.327668                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11761527250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44147500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     318882000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6377796500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    841557750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3142787375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4542173000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1335773                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1335773                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7194                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1327004                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4421                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               927                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1327004                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1287339                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           39665                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5147                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     350555                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1320458                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          971                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2692                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      52906                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          264                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             78507                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5832777                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1335773                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1291760                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30413224                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  14956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 137                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1537                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           32                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    52754                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30500921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.385601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.664663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28800433     94.42%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39945      0.13%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42979      0.14%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224697      0.74%     95.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27669      0.09%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8920      0.03%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9702      0.03%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24908      0.08%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1321668      4.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30500921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043746                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.191021                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  429720                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28589307                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   641525                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               832891                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7478                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11690914                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7478                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  707025                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 276034                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16391                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1195972                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28298021                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11654472                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1470                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17353                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28005294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14834093                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24661216                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13398229                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           306114                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14547391                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  286702                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5063021                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              361887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1329096                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20811                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           17148                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11588328                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                917                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11520552                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2277                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         187675                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       274421                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           790                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30500921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.256465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27377635     89.76%     89.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             470249      1.54%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             569058      1.87%     93.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347024      1.14%     94.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             339199      1.11%     95.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1087989      3.57%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119057      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             165648      0.54%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25062      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30500921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73111     94.21%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  496      0.64%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   739      0.95%     95.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  223      0.29%     96.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2792      3.60%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             246      0.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4475      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9759135     84.71%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 116      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  342      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              80877      0.70%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              306948      2.66%     88.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1280445     11.11%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46640      0.40%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41574      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11520552                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.377294                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77607                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006736                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53244202                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11568461                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11310681                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             377707                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            208671                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       184928                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11403131                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 190553                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2589                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25811                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          225                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14429                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           21                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          618                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7478                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  57880                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               174371                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11589245                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              947                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               361887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1329096                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               414                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   402                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               173810                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           225                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1964                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7148                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9112                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11503922                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               350391                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16630                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1670828                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1306329                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1320437                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376749                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11499211                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11495609                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8393705                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11794478                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.711664                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         187889                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7318                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30470520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.279167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27442118     90.06%     90.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       338579      1.11%     91.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322822      1.06%     92.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1168286      3.83%     96.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63901      0.21%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       751477      2.47%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72404      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22388      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       288545      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30470520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5635247                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11401570                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1650743                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336076                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1299026                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180923                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11306570                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2363      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9669485     84.81%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78614      0.69%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         291756      2.56%     88.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1273671     11.17%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44320      0.39%     99.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40996      0.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11401570                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               288545                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41771434                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23209888                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            323                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          33767                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5635247                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11401570                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.418518                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.418518                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184552                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184552                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13153427                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8725196                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   283781                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  142655                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6514946                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5786059                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4291351                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156071                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1502679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.628176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          920                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6801175                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6801175                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       342544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         342544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1160131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1160131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1502675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1502675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1502675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1502675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158601                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158601                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    370818000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    370818000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13937708998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13937708998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14308526998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14308526998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14308526998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14308526998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       346597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       346597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1314679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1314679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1661276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1661276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1661276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1661276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117556                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117556                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91492.227979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91492.227979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90183.690491                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90183.690491                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90217.129766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90217.129766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90217.129766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90217.129766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13305                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          256                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    80.636364                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          128                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    161254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13782303498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13782303498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13943557498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13943557498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13943557498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13943557498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117547                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117547                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104846.553966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104846.553966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89184.489786                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89184.489786                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89338.827474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89338.827474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89338.827474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89338.827474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              720                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.925126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             929329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1290.734722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.925126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          807                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           211739                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          211739                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        51865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          51865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        51865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           51865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        51865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          51865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     63779498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63779498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     63779498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63779498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     63779498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63779498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        52754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        52754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        52754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        52754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        52754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71742.967379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71742.967379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71742.967379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71742.967379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71742.967379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71742.967379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           50                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47264500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47264500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47264500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47264500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47264500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47264500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65372.752420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65372.752420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65372.752420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65372.752420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65372.752420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65372.752420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157019                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       56.111918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        34.119333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16293.768749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          945                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8665                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6670                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2665459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2665459                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          718                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              718                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            338                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                338                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            41                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                41                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 338                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  59                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154515                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154515                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          381                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              381                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1497                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1497                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               381                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156012                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13550160000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13550160000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42605500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     42605500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    158431500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    158431500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42605500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13708591500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13751197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42605500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13708591500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13751197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          718                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          718                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154533                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154533                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          719                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            719                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1538                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1538                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.529903                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.529903                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973342                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.973342                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.529903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.529903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87694.786914                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87694.786914                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111825.459318                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111825.459318                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105832.665331                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105832.665331                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111825.459318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87868.827398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87927.189836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111825.459318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87868.827398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87927.189836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155277                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155277                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154515                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154515                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          381                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          381                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1496                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1496                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12005020000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12005020000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38795500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38795500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    143057500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143057500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38795500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12148077500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12186873000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38795500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12148077500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12186873000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.529903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.529903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.529903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.529903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77694.851633                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77694.851633                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101825.459318                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101825.459318                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95626.671123                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95626.671123                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101825.459318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77866.801059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77925.168807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101825.459318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77866.801059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77925.168807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312888                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156514                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1877                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155278                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154515                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1877                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19946816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19946816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19946816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156392                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156392    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156392                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           934589000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          822557000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313589                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156791                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          125                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            603                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          603                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2261                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310265                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          720                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2825                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154533                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154533                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           723                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1538                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468221                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        92096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19907776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19999872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157023                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9937984                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313817                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048109                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313089     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    728      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313817                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312502500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1084500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234109997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
