
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3877905407750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               79151127                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                146701091                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              215942751                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    70.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5596052142                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10371894979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12004736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12004736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        40768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           40768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          187574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              187574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           637                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                637                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         786301527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             786301527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2670275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2670275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2670275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        786301527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            788971802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      187577                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        637                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    187577                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      637                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11999296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   40960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12004928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                40768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267362000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                187577                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  637                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   39392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.125050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.153229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.244143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45386     46.41%     46.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42971     43.94%     90.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8223      8.41%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1046      1.07%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          119      0.12%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           16      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4760.025000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4582.816928                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1321.746329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      2.50%      2.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            2      5.00%      7.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.50%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            4     10.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5     12.50%     32.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      7.50%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            2      5.00%     45.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      7.50%     52.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      5.00%     57.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      5.00%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            2      5.00%     67.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.50%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      2.50%     72.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            5     12.50%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            4     10.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      2.50%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      2.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               40    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4570918250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8086337000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  937445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24379.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43129.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       785.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    786.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    89785                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     552                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      81117.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                352701720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187469205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               677614560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1148400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1632718260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24590400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5137816410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       136065120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     866040.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9356913795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.871087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11622551125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10626000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      1307500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    354741250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3124041000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11266502375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                345533160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183655230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               661056900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2192400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1598511990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24220800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5145515400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       159258720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9325253640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.797370                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11697578625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9738000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    415098250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3049689000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11282958875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1070295                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1070295                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            41676                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              809768                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  36117                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5219                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         809768                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            461862                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          347906                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        17659                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     630038                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      64378                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       156299                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1022                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     907071                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         1922                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            927727                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3266475                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1070295                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            497979                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29529138                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  84588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 439                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        16372                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   905149                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6884                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30516474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.214910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.167113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29233448     95.80%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   16643      0.05%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  448964      1.47%     97.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   29671      0.10%     97.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  103727      0.34%     97.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   44302      0.15%     97.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   90280      0.30%     98.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   18892      0.06%     98.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  530547      1.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30516474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.035052                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.106976                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  430858                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29205894                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   548480                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               288948                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 42294                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5693873                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 42294                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  518068                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               28095915                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          5903                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   683721                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1170573                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5495010                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                30202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1043255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 57519                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            6580762                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             15186619                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7354324                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            55317                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3351186                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 3229530                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           177                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1854066                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              921347                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              87818                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6006                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4601                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5216321                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4214                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4140380                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6911                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2456553                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4890188                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4214                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30516474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.135677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.664889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28711927     94.09%     94.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             788376      2.58%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             395971      1.30%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             269812      0.88%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             171422      0.56%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              72442      0.24%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              61230      0.20%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              27004      0.09%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              18290      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30516474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14337     74.64%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1496      7.79%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     82.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2741     14.27%     96.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  289      1.50%     98.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              335      1.74%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              10      0.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            14585      0.35%      0.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3368233     81.35%     81.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1187      0.03%     81.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                14993      0.36%     82.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              20745      0.50%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              647384     15.64%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              68193      1.65%     99.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           5024      0.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            36      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4140380                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.135596                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      19208                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004639                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38769667                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          7630800                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3990436                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              53686                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             46290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        23749                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4117341                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  27662                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7598                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       440657                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        43451                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           70                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          896                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 42294                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26652511                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               235919                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5220535                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2606                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               921347                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               87818                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1503                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  9947                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                19736                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         20789                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        28036                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               48825                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4075710                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               629675                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            64670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      694038                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  547485                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     64363                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.133478                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4028087                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4014185                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2772855                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4824758                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.131463                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.574714                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2456738                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            42292                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30166416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.091623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.567373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28987917     96.09%     96.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       519821      1.72%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       154881      0.51%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       370839      1.23%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36298      0.12%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26156      0.09%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6381      0.02%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5399      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        58724      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30166416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1388709                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2763943                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        525054                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       480687                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    470252                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     19990                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2745077                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7825                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5518      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2202775     79.70%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            313      0.01%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           13617      0.49%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         16666      0.60%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         477363     17.27%     98.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         44367      1.61%     99.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3324      0.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2763943                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                58724                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35328373                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   10793066                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            140                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          18214                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1388709                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2763943                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             21.987823                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       21.987823                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.045480                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.045480                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4634626                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3413398                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    40807                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   20412                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2984304                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1293003                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2083949                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           245289                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             249115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           245289                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.015598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2896213                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2896213                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       204739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         204739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        43347                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         43347                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       248086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          248086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       248086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         248086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       413625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       413625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1020                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       414645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        414645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       414645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       414645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32082181000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32082181000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51876499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51876499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32134057499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32134057499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32134057499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32134057499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       618364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       618364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        44367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        44367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       662731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       662731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       662731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       662731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.668902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.668902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.625661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.625661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.625661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.625661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77563.447567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77563.447567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50859.312745                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50859.312745                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77497.757115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77497.757115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77497.757115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77497.757115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14190                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              604                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.493377                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       169350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       169350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       169354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       169354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       169354                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       169354                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       244275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       244275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       245291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       245291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       245291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       245291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18727977500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18727977500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     50442999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50442999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18778420499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18778420499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18778420499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18778420499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.395034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.370122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.370122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76667.597994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76667.597994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49648.621063                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49648.621063                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76555.684876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76555.684876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76555.684876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76555.684876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3620596                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3620596                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       905149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         905149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       905149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          905149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       905149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         905149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       905149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       905149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       905149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       905149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       905149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    187581                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      307796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    187581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.640870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.911227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.088773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1054                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4109357                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4109357                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2557                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2557                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               601                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   601                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         57113                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             57113                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                57714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    57714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               57714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   57714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             415                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 415                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       187162                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          187162                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             187577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 187577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            187577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                187577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42348500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      42348500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17729479000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17729479000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17771827500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17771827500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17771827500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17771827500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2557                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2557                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1016                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1016                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       244275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        244275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           245291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               245291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          245291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              245291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.408465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.408465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.766194                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.766194                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.764712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.764712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.764712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.764712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102044.578313                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102044.578313                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94727.984313                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94727.984313                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94744.171727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94744.171727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94744.171727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94744.171727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  637                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       637                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          415                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            415                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       187162                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       187162                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        187577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            187577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       187577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           187577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38198500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38198500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15857879000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15857879000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15896077500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15896077500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15896077500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15896077500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.408465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.766194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.764712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.764712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.764712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.764712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92044.578313                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92044.578313                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84728.091172                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84728.091172                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84744.278350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84744.278350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84744.278350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84744.278350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        375145                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       187575                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             187160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          637                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           186931                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        187162                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       562720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       562720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 562720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12045568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12045568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12045568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            187577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  187577    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              187577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           446197000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1016210500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       490580                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       245289                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          589                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             14                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            244273                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3194                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          429676                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1016                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1016                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       244275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       735869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                735869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15862144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15862144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          187581                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     40768                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           432872                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001395                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 432269     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    602      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             432872                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          247847000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         367933500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
