
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               183208129500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1087928                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2047353                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               39829593                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   383.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   417020816                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     784784366                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         249344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             249408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       226752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          226752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3543                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3543                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16331852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16336044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14852092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14852092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14852092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16331852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31188136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3897                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3543                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3897                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3543                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 249408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  226560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  249408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               226752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15261275500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3897                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3543                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    104.141763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.331394                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   146.771556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4017     87.88%     87.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          222      4.86%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           97      2.12%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           57      1.25%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           52      1.14%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      0.81%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      0.66%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.53%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           35      0.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.656566                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.539613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.346448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             6      3.03%      3.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           105     53.03%     56.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            62     31.31%     87.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            19      9.60%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             1      0.51%     97.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             2      1.01%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             1      0.51%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             2      1.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.878788                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.871409                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.499192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               12      6.06%      6.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      1.01%      7.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              182     91.92%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      1.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    374738250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               447807000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19485000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     96160.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               114910.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       46                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2821                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2051246.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 15472380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  8223765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                13066200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                8847900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1139542560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            454047180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             52010400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2827036410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1990273440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        806640360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7315776585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            479.178076                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14134081875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     91344750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     483732000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2752160625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5182994250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     557407000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6199705500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 17157420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  9123180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                14758380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                9630900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1238499600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            465420390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             53577120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2954089980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2205990720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        627250380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7597023150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            497.599523                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14103731875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     91938000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     525958000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1880732250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5744826000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     545593250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6478296625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13229637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13229637                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1074849                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11116713                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 987485                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            209624                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11116713                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3611158                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7505555                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       774024                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9937872                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7468398                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       130871                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        42698                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8928467                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        13423                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9651891                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59571018                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13229637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4598643                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19731775                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2165284                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7529                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        60556                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8915044                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               262326                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.732350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.578656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12380064     40.54%     40.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  855016      2.80%     43.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1237282      4.05%     47.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1417860      4.64%     52.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1119196      3.67%     55.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1115220      3.65%     59.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1031667      3.38%     62.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  885697      2.90%     65.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10492391     34.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433266                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.950929                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8556672                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4348592                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15600336                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               946151                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1082642                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108416898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1082642                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9321253                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3251258                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         25992                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15717988                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1135260                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103340587                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 73772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    67                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1004675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109882240                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260114404                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155251807                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3154943                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             68402512                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41479738                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1118                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1521                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   916678                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11840342                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8880752                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           485626                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          195854                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93080346                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              65369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83025738                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           468729                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29147779                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42263358                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         65345                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.719089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.525199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9844057     32.24%     32.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2838548      9.30%     41.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3074200     10.07%     51.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3079591     10.09%     61.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3152289     10.32%     72.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2780546      9.11%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3093054     10.13%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1647057      5.39%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1025051      3.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 809452     73.31%     73.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14433      1.31%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                100956      9.14%     83.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                86614      7.84%     91.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              675      0.06%     91.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           92076      8.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           502257      0.60%      0.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62920627     75.78%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               74554      0.09%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                86285      0.10%     76.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1157629      1.39%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10086575     12.15%     90.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7514928      9.05%     99.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         389523      0.47%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        293360      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83025738                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.719063                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1104206                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         194213391                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119210343                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77547904                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3945413                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3084258                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1781998                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81636669                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1991018                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1241174                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4175569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10484                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2851                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2612717                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          106                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1082642                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3297560                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 1213                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93145715                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            12676                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11840342                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8880752                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             23145                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   106                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1173                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2851                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        302511                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1122717                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1425228                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80461620                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9931049                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2564118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17391805                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8724780                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7460756                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.635089                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79925286                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79329902                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55422779                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86827108                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.598026                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638312                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29148307                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1081956                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26155887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.446790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.734771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9391918     35.91%     35.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3773729     14.43%     50.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2643044     10.10%     60.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3562475     13.62%     74.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1120361      4.28%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1153423      4.41%     82.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       809673      3.10%     85.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       465999      1.78%     87.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3235265     12.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26155887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33792880                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63997952                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13932816                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7664776                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7447958                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1301914                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 63019988                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              462329                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       259274      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48692395     76.08%     76.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          54229      0.08%     76.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           75782      0.12%     76.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        983456      1.54%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7389640     11.55%     89.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6268040      9.79%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       275136      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63997952                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3235265                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116066881                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190757847                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             34                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            296                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33792880                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63997952                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.903584                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.903584                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.106705                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.106705                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               116283575                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62168122                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2508001                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1233264                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40553468                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21227662                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35351704                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5219                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1128463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5219                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           216.222073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59352971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59352971                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8561341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8561341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6267866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6267866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14829207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14829207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14829207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14829207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    348499500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    348499500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    473404000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    473404000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    821903500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    821903500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    821903500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    821903500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8565739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8565739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6271199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6271199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14836938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14836938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14836938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14836938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79240.450205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79240.450205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142035.403540                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142035.403540                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106312.702108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106312.702108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106312.702108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106312.702108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    203501500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    203501500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    465789500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    465789500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    669291000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    669291000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    669291000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    669291000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000526                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105990.364583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105990.364583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141148.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141148.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 128216.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128216.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 128216.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128216.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1488                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             213308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           143.352151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35661665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35661665                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8913509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8913509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8913509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8913509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8913509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8913509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8915044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8915044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8915044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8915044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8915044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8915044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12895.765472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12895.765472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12895.765472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12895.765472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12895.765472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12895.765472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12049.026192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12049.026192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12049.026192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12049.026192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12049.026192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12049.026192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3902                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.191953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       40.674905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        23.850325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16319.474771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.996062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    111150                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   111150                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3957                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3957                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1488                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1488                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1487                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1487                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1312                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1312                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2810                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          608                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             608                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3897                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    460692500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     460692500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    186749000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    186749000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    647441500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        647531500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    647441500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       647531500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3957                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3957                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1488                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1488                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1488                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1488                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1920                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1920                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996666                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.996666                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000672                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000672                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.316667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.000672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.746503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.581035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.000672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.746503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.581035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140113.290754                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140113.290754                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 307152.960526                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 307152.960526                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 166181.083162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166161.534514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 166181.083162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166161.534514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3543                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3543                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            6                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             6                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          608                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          608                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    427812500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    427812500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    180669000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    180669000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    608481500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    608561500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    608481500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    608561500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.746503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.581035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.746503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.581035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130113.290754                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130113.290754                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 297152.960526                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297152.960526                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 156181.083162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156161.534514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 156181.083162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156161.534514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7795                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3899                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                609                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           609                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       476160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       476160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  476160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3898    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22927500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21449250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        13416                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6707                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           11                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             11                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3409                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7500                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1621                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1489                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 20124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       190464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       587264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 777728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3903                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    226816                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10611                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002073                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.045489                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10589     99.79%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     22      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10611                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           12153000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2233999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7829499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
