
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10900883705250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               36181787                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 67740742                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               87114709                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   175.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6341060881                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11871945936                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12703168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12703168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      8808384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         8808384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          198487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              198487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        137631                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             137631                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         832048318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             832048318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       576942782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            576942782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       576942782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        832048318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1408991100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      198487                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     137631                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    198487                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   137631                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12703104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 8808192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12703168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              8808384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              8642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              8684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              8667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              8617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              8610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              8686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              8497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              8567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              8567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              8570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             8610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             8509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             8577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             8575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             8644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             8606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267338000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                198487                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               137631                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   47254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    4205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   8537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   8601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   8601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   8604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   8607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   8601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   8605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   8612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   8652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   8655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   8650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   8740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   8654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   8839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        91406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    235.337199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   137.770042                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   295.023975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44375     48.55%     48.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        22864     25.01%     73.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8498      9.30%     82.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2433      2.66%     85.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1089      1.19%     86.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1756      1.92%     88.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1379      1.51%     90.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          729      0.80%     90.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8283      9.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        91406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8602                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      23.075564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.931622                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     14.140651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15              3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23          6758     78.56%     78.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          1501     17.45%     96.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           229      2.66%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            13      0.15%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55             6      0.07%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63             6      0.07%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            11      0.13%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           12      0.14%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           11      0.13%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151           11      0.13%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            6      0.07%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            6      0.07%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::184-191           11      0.13%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::208-215           12      0.14%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            6      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          8602                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.000814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000770                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.038871                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8597     99.95%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          8601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4077000500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7798613000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  992430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     20540.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                39290.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       832.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       576.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    832.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    576.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        11.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.36                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   155051                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   89650                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                65.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      45422.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    72.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                328382880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                174532050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               708823500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              360002520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1067629680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           2130022170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             49445280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3587829660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       186024960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        535762440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9128455140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            597.907211                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          10467741625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27837000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     451926000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2114991250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    484421000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4319839500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7868329375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                324291660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                172334745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               708366540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              358389540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1048575840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           2142124410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             44339520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3538938480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       173640000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        557220900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9068291325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            593.966524                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          10454045625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     21061500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     443770000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2241064125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    452156500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4348467000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7760825000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3529386                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3529386                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect               87                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3122195                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 271464                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 4                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3122195                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1493185                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1629010                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted           22                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3717834                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2171513                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        34701                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1847259                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1847346                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      14442615                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3529386                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1764649                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28687242                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                    200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1847259                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   11                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.997967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.441628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                25417073     83.24%     83.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  456355      1.49%     84.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  248066      0.81%     85.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  382077      1.25%     86.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  254832      0.83%     87.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  646158      2.12%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  378233      1.24%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  160770      0.53%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2591124      8.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.115586                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.472990                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  879526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             25484277                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2958154                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1212631                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                   100                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              30470261                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                   100                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1418926                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               22513157                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3527119                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3075386                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              30469829                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               476681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2134136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                    80                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           34105259                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             78205433                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        45264188                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             34097273                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                    8018                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  7074017                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3718024                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2171771                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           107962                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           39855                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  30469105                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  3                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 30466950                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              116                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           6795                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         9251                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             3                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.997782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.989416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           22031734     72.15%     72.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2026832      6.64%     78.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1455881      4.77%     83.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1164673      3.81%     87.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             958041      3.14%     90.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             885240      2.90%     93.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             752636      2.46%     95.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             817051      2.68%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             442600      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 719542    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               70      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             24577457     80.67%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3717881     12.20%     92.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2171542      7.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              30466950                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.997782                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     719542                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.023617                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          92188244                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         30475916                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     30466660                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              31186422                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1025871                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          766                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           13                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          595                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                   100                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                7021154                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               141502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           30469108                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3718024                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2171771                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 1                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                102471                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            13                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            65                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           27                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                  92                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             30466782                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3717834                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     5889347                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3528528                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2171513                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.997776                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      30466707                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     30466660                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 21634320                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 37420220                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.997772                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.578145                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts           6795                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts               87                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30533767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.997661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.513114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25830446     84.60%     84.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       294117      0.96%     85.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102020      0.33%     85.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       541274      1.77%     87.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222362      0.73%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        42279      0.14%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       262170      0.86%     89.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       246297      0.81%     90.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2992802      9.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30533767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            14437606                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              30462337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5888436                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3717263                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3528215                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 30462305                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              271397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           32      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        24573869     80.67%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3717263     12.20%     92.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2171173      7.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         30462337                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              2992802                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    58010097                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   60939169                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   14437606                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     30462337                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.114941                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.114941                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.472826                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.472826                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                45258205                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               24766552                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 19854058                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 9334932                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               13082589                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           201850                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1668594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           201850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.266505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          802                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         19654234                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        19654234                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2333205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2333205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2171172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2171172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      4504377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         4504377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      4504377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        4504377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       358718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       358718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       358719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        358719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       358719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       358719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30218848500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30218848500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        92500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        92500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30218941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30218941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30218941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30218941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2691923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2691923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2171173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2171173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4863096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4863096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4863096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4863096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.133257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.073764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.073764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84241.238243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84241.238243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        92500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        92500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84241.261266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84241.261266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84241.261266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84241.261266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          748                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   149.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       136855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           136855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       156868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       156868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       156868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       201850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       201850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       201851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       201851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       201851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       201851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18275295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18275295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        91500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18275386500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18275386500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18275386500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18275386500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.074984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90538.989349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90538.989349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        91500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90538.994110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90538.994110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90538.994110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90538.994110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          7389036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         7389036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1847259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1847259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1847259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1847259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1847259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1847259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1847259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1847259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1847259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1847259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1847259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1847259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    198489                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      203856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    198489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.027039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.237710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.762290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11873                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3428097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3428097                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       136855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           136855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          3363                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              3363                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 3363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                3363                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3363                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       198487                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          198487                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             198488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 198488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            198488                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                198488                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        90000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total         90000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17935251500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17935251500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17935341500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17935341500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17935341500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17935341500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       136855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       136855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       201850                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        201850                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           201851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               201851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          201851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              201851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.983339                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.983339                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.983339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.983339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.983339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.983339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        90000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90359.829611                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90359.829611                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90359.827798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90359.827798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90359.827798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90359.827798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               137631                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    137631                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198487                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       198487                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        198488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            198488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           198488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        80000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15950391500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15950391500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15950471500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15950471500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15950471500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15950471500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.983339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.983339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.983339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.983339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.983339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        80000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80359.879992                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80359.879992                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80359.878179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80359.878179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80359.878179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80359.878179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        396975                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       198488                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       137631                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            60857                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        198486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       595462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       595462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 595462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     21511552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     21511552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                21511552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            198487                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  198487    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              198487                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           990600000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1046934250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       403701                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       201850                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            201849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       274486                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          125853                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       201850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       605551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                605551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     21677120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               21677120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          198489                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   8808384                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           400340                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000002                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.001580                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 400339    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             400340                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          338705500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         302775000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
