
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10870349017000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               64321766                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                120374003                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              155424157                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    98.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6318336718                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11824358699                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9954368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9979200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9909056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9909056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154829                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154829                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1626478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         652003906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             653630384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1626478                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1626478                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649036003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649036003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649036003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1626478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        652003906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1302666386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155925                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154829                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155925                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154829                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9979200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9909056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9979200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9909056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267311000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155925                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154829                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    721.684883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   562.539550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   360.004144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1956      7.10%      7.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2490      9.04%     16.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2204      8.00%     24.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1582      5.74%     29.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1382      5.01%     34.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1690      6.13%     41.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1394      5.06%     46.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1336      4.85%     50.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13524     49.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.126176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.076651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.567343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             49      0.51%      0.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           108      1.12%      1.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9365     96.86%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           100      1.03%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            23      0.24%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             9      0.09%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             5      0.05%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.012928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.011650                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.218928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9629     99.59%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               12      0.12%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               11      0.11%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.09%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2875356500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5798950250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  779625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18440.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37190.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       653.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    653.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142306                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140890                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49129.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99338820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52796040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560797020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406262160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         746787600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1491717930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             59558400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2116384350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       299241120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1587299760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7420183200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.016634                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11840990375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     40176000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     316518000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6420464625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    779275750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3069634500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4641275250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97425300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51786570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               552507480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              401945220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         750475440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1510933200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66335040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2073548850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       330888480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1576268700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7412114280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.488125                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11698052125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     53849000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     318204000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6372202750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    861647250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3114190000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4547251125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1341720                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1341720                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7228                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1332379                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4160                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               872                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1332379                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1291779                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           40600                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4961                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     511684                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1327712                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          859                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2646                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      62957                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          360                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             88937                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6074732                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1341720                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1295939                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30401021                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15262                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 232                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1638                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    62693                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2108                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.403495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.680466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28623735     93.85%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   57647      0.19%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   62229      0.20%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  334963      1.10%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   38512      0.13%     95.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   11196      0.04%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12128      0.04%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   35939      0.12%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1323126      4.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043941                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.198945                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  433194                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28513239                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   730404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               815007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7631                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12233861                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7631                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  717927                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 283723                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16834                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1259272                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28214088                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12197170                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 24052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27904790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15683127                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25684609                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        14077770                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           438592                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15389953                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  293174                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4866989                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              523132                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1336305                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30596                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           24895                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12131412                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                896                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 12063371                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2054                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         190422                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       276074                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           748                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.395527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.302304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27281324     89.45%     89.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             510947      1.68%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             555921      1.82%     92.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             361670      1.19%     94.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             314813      1.03%     95.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1044618      3.43%     98.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             173992      0.57%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             220242      0.72%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              35948      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 107750     94.43%     94.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  703      0.62%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1052      0.92%     95.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  256      0.22%     96.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4144      3.63%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             202      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5541      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             10094389     83.68%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  92      0.00%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  329      0.00%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             119033      0.99%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              445701      3.69%     88.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1275521     10.57%     98.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69054      0.57%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53711      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              12063371                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.395071                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     114107                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009459                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54200608                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12028636                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11771810                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             541770                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            294336                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       265893                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11898563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 273374                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2493                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26746                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          257                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13985                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          749                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7631                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  72567                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               168044                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           12132308                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               523132                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1336305                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               402                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   487                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               167306                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           257                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2060                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7097                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9157                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             12046462                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               511456                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16909                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1839150                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1312633                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1327694                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.394517                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      12041369                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     12037703                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8829937                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12186845                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.394230                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.724547                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         190656                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7450                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30468944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.391936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27378944     89.86%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       391432      1.28%     91.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326518      1.07%     92.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1139335      3.74%     95.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        68574      0.23%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       620038      2.03%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       107510      0.35%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        32877      0.11%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       403716      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30468944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5871680                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11941886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1818706                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       496386                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1305221                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    261076                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11801264                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1233                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3222      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        10003200     83.77%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        116408      0.97%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         430219      3.60%     88.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1269121     10.63%     99.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66167      0.55%     99.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53199      0.45%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11941886                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               403716                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42197770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24296137                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            320                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          35214                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5871680                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11941886                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.200333                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.200333                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.192295                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.192295                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13835211                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9184076                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   412243                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  211115                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6546319                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6105056                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4472748                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155612                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1526157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.807451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7476212                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7476212                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       502922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         502922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1168398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1168398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1671320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1671320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1671320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1671320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       153935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158830                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158830                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    425408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    425408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13885298497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13885298497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14310706497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14310706497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14310706497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14310706497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       507817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       507817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1322333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1322333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1830150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1830150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1830150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1830150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116412                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.116412                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86906.639428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86906.639428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90202.348374                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90202.348374                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90100.777542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90100.777542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90100.777542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90100.777542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16599                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          382                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              194                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    85.561856                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   127.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       153927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    174322500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    174322500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13730853998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13730853998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13905176498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13905176498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13905176498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13905176498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103210.479574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103210.479574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89203.674456                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89203.674456                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89355.699273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89355.699273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89355.699273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89355.699273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              718                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.277437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              17644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.573816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.277437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          827                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           251493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          251493                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        61819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          61819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        61819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           61819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        61819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          61819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     64875999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64875999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     64875999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64875999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     64875999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64875999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        62693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        62693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        62693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        62693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        62693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        62693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74228.831808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74228.831808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74228.831808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74228.831808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74228.831808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74228.831808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           27                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49145500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49145500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49145500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49145500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49145500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49145500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68162.968100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68162.968100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68162.968100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68162.968100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68162.968100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68162.968100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156545                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.258685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.881545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16295.859770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2657601                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2657601                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154346                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154346                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          716                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              716                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            329                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                329                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            51                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                51                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   76                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  76                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          153898                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              153898                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          388                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              388                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1638                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1638                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               388                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155536                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155924                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13499627000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13499627000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44577500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     44577500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    171161000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    171161000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44577500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13670788000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13715365500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44577500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13670788000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13715365500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154346                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154346                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          716                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          716                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        153923                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            153923                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          717                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            717                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1689                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1689                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541144                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.541144                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.969805                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.969805                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.541144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.541144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87718.014529                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87718.014529                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114890.463918                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114890.463918                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104493.894994                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104493.894994                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114890.463918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87894.686761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87961.862831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114890.463918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87894.686761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87961.862831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154829                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154829                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153898                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         153898                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          388                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          388                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1638                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1638                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11960647000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11960647000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40697500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40697500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    154781000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154781000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40697500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12115428000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12156125500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40697500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12115428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12156125500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.541144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.969805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77718.014529                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77718.014529                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104890.463918                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104890.463918                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94493.894994                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94493.894994                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104890.463918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77894.686761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77961.862831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104890.463918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77894.686761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77961.862831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        311958                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156051                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154829                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            153899                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           153898                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       467882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       467882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 467882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19888192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19888192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19888192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155925                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155925    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155925                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           931942500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          820089500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312667                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156330                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          127                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            590                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          590                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2410                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309175                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           153923                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          153923                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           721                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1689                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       466844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        91840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19837312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19929152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156549                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9909312                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312882                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002292                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047816                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312165     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    717      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312882                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311397500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1081500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
