
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2702319910125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               45566174                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 84298751                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              127299159                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   119.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5464877002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10110183493                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10297344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10297600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       129344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          129344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          160896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              160900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          2021                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               2021                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             16768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         674468586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             674485354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         8471938                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              8471938                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         8471938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            16768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        674468586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            682957292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      160899                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       2021                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    160899                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     2021                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10277440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   20096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  128896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10297536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               129344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    314                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              8930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              8684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              8695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267280500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                160899                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 2021                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  124138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   33631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        93065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    111.811744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    96.876184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.126363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        51189     55.00%     55.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        35214     37.84%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5785      6.22%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          709      0.76%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           81      0.09%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           42      0.05%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           17      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        93065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1283.064000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1240.728236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    327.850865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      1.60%      1.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            4      3.20%      4.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            7      5.60%     10.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           12      9.60%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           21     16.80%     36.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           22     17.60%     54.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407           16     12.80%     67.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535           13     10.40%     77.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663           11      8.80%     86.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            8      6.40%     92.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            5      4.00%     96.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.80%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            3      2.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          125                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.112000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.106329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.443883                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              117     93.60%     93.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      1.60%     95.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      4.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           125                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4127973750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7138942500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  802925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25705.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44455.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       673.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         8.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    674.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      8.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    67888                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1645                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 42.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      93710.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    42.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                342934200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182277645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               595761600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                4504860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1511022120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24967680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5275368810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       122837280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9264983235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            606.849702                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11889279000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    320075750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2858070250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11569258125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                321564180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                170904030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               550822440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                6008220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1415704440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24992160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5358425790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       133137600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9186253260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            601.692946                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12097468750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10026000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    346698500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2649449500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11751570125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3235415                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3235415                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           196820                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2698673                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 180214                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             26417                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2698673                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1237067                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1461606                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        91069                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1665454                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     277615                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       248725                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         4699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2407971                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        13532                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2507103                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      10648200                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3235415                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1417281                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     27633734                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 402202                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3885                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                3128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       108043                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2394441                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                37621                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     19                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30456994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.706481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.086762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                26615099     87.39%     87.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   95001      0.31%     87.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  965216      3.17%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  123372      0.41%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  267233      0.88%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  204145      0.67%     92.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  184954      0.61%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   93428      0.31%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1908546      6.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30456994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.105959                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.348725                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1512852                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             25970759                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2262536                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               509746                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                201101                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              18294787                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                201101                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1725769                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               24315696                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         52650                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2451879                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1709899                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              17384080                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               127270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1291674                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                294865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  5323                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           20560003                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             46647806                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        24168478                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           183137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              7190994                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                13369009                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               837                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1118                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2803991                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2697716                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             400361                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            15380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           17776                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  15982816                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              22190                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11979979                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            26213                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       10042415                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     18250880                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         22189                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30456994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.393341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.209148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26344708     86.50%     86.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1288149      4.23%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             795700      2.61%     93.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             577974      1.90%     95.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             649241      2.13%     97.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             330644      1.09%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             261191      0.86%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             125918      0.41%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              83469      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30456994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  56023     75.90%     75.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     75.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     75.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 5934      8.04%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 10030     13.59%     97.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1275      1.73%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              533      0.72%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              19      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            71615      0.60%      0.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9695616     80.93%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                6453      0.05%     81.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                57179      0.48%     82.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              73029      0.61%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1763924     14.72%     97.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             298102      2.49%     99.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          14012      0.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            49      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11979979                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.392340                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      73814                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54335511                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         25905581                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11267055                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             181468                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            141854                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        81043                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11888602                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  93576                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           24445                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1765491                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          948                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       230290                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          248                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1920                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                201101                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               20919044                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               334829                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           16005006                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            12954                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2697716                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              400361                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              7948                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 34866                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                96648                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         89991                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       146388                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              236379                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11631703                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1663967                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           348276                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1941521                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1291333                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    277554                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.380934                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11425276                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11348098                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8480529                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 13803023                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.371646                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.614396                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       10044117                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           201094                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28969936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.205820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.917573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26784635     92.46%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       878781      3.03%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       268276      0.93%     96.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       561646      1.94%     98.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       144103      0.50%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        95066      0.33%     99.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        33274      0.11%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22306      0.08%     99.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       181849      0.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28969936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2989452                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               5962591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1102296                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       932225                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    904938                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     68444                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  5893676                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               30029                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        20478      0.34%      0.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         4730691     79.34%     79.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1201      0.02%     79.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           49485      0.83%     80.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         58440      0.98%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         922221     15.47%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        170071      2.85%     99.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        10004      0.17%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          5962591                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               181849                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    44794795                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   33509138                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            784                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          77694                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2989452                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      5962591                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             10.214142                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       10.214142                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.097903                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.097903                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13246786                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9834292                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   141989                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   71019                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6598035                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 3254359                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                5552024                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           360471                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1129272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           360471                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.132768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7530667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7530667                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       970882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         970882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       168184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        168184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1139066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1139066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1139066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1139066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       651596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       651596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1887                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1887                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       653483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        653483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       653483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       653483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34005355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34005355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    171734000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    171734000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34177089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34177089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34177089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34177089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1622478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1622478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       170071                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       170071                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1792549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1792549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1792549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1792549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.401605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.401605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.364555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.364555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.364555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.364555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52187.789673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52187.789673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91009.009009                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91009.009009                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52299.889974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52299.889974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52299.889974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52299.889974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        45491                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1615                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.167802                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5393                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             5393                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       292980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       292980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       293012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       293012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       293012                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       293012                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       358616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       358616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       360471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       360471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       360471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       360471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17956621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17956621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    167206500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167206500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18123827500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18123827500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18123827500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18123827500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.221030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.201094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.201094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50072.001807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50072.001807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90138.274933                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90138.274933                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50278.184653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50278.184653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50278.184653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50278.184653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   30                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9577768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         9577768                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2394437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2394437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2394437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2394437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2394437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2394437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2394441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2394441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2394441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2394441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2394441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2394441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        99250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        99250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        99250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       393000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       393000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        98250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        98250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        98250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    160979                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      565579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    160979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.513371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        9.078863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.252032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16374.669105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8619                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5928579                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5928579                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5393                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             5393                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        199363                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            199363                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               199576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   199576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              199576                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  199576                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1642                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1642                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       159253                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          159253                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             160895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 160899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            160895                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                160899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    162085000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     162085000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       387000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       387000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15264731500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  15264731500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       387000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15426816500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      15427203500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       387000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15426816500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     15427203500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5393                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5393                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1855                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1855                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       358616                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        358616                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           360471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               360475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          360471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              360475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.885175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.444077                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.444077                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.446347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.446353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.446347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.446353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98711.936663                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98711.936663                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        96750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95852.081279                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95852.081279                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95881.267286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95881.288883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95881.267286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95881.288883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           89                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            89                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       159253                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       159253                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        160895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            160899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       160895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           160899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    145665000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145665000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       347000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       347000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13672191500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13672191500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       347000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13817856500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13818203500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       347000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13817856500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13818203500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.444077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.446347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.446353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.446347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.446353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88711.936663                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88711.936663                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85852.018486                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85852.018486                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85881.205134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85881.226732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85881.205134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85881.226732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        321799                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       160900                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             159258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2021                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           158879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1642                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1642                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        159257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       482699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       482699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 482699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     10426944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     10426944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10426944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            160899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  160899    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              160899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           380750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          876148250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       720950                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       360475                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           81                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            168                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          156                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            358620                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7414                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          514036                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1855                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1855                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       358616                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1081413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1081425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     23415296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               23415808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          160979                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    129344                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           521454                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000501                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.023373                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 521205     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    237      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     12      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             521454                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          365872000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         540706500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
