
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10778744952250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               65076148                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                121731623                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              158085121                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    96.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6284839191                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11756439999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          23680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10032640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10056320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        23680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         23680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9984768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9984768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        156012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             156012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1551023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657130665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658681688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1551023                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1551023                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       653995084                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            653995084                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       653995084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1551023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657130665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1312676772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157130                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     156012                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157130                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   156012                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10056320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9984384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10056320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9984768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267370000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157130                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               156012                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    734.198190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   572.540885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   360.336248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1996      7.31%      7.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2476      9.07%     16.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1883      6.90%     23.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1511      5.54%     28.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1194      4.37%     33.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1605      5.88%     39.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1225      4.49%     43.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1434      5.25%     48.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13973     51.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.126642                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.077997                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.564112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               4      0.04%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             47      0.48%      0.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            96      0.99%      1.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9450     96.98%     98.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           105      1.08%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            21      0.22%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             8      0.08%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             3      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             4      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011803                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010585                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.215315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9708     99.64%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.01%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               10      0.10%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.12%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2888185000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5834372500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18380.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37130.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       653.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    654.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143559                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142281                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48755.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98631960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52420335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               565523700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              409488120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         746787600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1502452740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63661920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2099985450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       302458560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1585153020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7426617135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.438052                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11806344375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     45124750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     316452000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6413695875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    787656750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3099423000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4604991750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96261480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51171780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556384500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              404847540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         744329040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1496649570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             69263520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2051305740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       319069920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1602706320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7391989410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.169961                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11733054125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     57875500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315466000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6475454500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    830931750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3089165250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4498451125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1273946                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1273946                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7209                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1264973                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4437                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               935                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1264973                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1225383                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           39590                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5122                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     350545                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1258510                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          917                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2697                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      52863                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          318                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             78145                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5585804                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1273946                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1229820                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30413272                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15090                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2765                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           32                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    52655                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2050                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.369369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.628981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28863412     94.63%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39971      0.13%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42778      0.14%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224775      0.74%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27529      0.09%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8935      0.03%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9698      0.03%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25054      0.08%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1259783      4.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041721                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.182933                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  399697                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28681813                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   642831                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               770049                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7545                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11196977                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7545                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  676902                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 269273                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16556                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1134465                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28397194                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11160362                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17732                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28103596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14216765                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23611493                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12842354                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           306155                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13928784                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  287941                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           158                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4839932                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              362158                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1267074                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20364                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15042                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11093407                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                905                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11025869                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2215                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         187612                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       273768                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           778                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.361481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.232855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27500678     90.16%     90.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             473191      1.55%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             536649      1.76%     93.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             349080      1.14%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             308281      1.01%     95.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1022668      3.35%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119200      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167028      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25160      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73066     94.26%     94.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  481      0.62%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   736      0.95%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  230      0.30%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2753      3.55%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             249      0.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4561      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9326261     84.59%     84.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 111      0.00%     84.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  337      0.00%     84.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              80789      0.73%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              307045      2.78%     88.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1218568     11.05%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46640      0.42%     99.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41557      0.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11025869                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.361093                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77515                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007030                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52255945                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11073519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10815730                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             377453                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            208625                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       184845                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10908423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 190400                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2484                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26084                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          233                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14269                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          604                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7545                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  58527                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               166046                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11094312                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              901                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               362158                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1267074                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               397                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   426                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               165438                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           233                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1953                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7179                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9132                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11008914                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               350382                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16950                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1608871                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1244461                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1258489                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.360538                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11004221                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11000575                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8022984                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11233219                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.360265                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.714219                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         187858                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7376                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30471658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.357929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.256844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27565370     90.46%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       340861      1.12%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324241      1.06%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1105009      3.63%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65511      0.21%     96.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       685990      2.25%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72421      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22250      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290005      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30471658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5387801                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10906680                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1588877                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336074                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1237167                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180921                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10811682                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2362      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9236463     84.69%     84.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78613      0.72%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         291755      2.68%     88.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1211807     11.11%     99.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44319      0.41%     99.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40996      0.38%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10906680                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               290005                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41276191                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22219958                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            322                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          32753                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5387801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10906680                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.667375                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.667375                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.176449                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.176449                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12596606                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8354077                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   283658                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  142559                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6206143                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5538823                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4105642                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156816                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1429412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156816                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.115218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          851                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6555148                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6555148                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       342800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         342800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1097521                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1097521                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1440321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1440321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1440321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1440321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    361583500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    361583500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14000007498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14000007498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14361590998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14361590998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14361590998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14361590998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       346765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       346765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1252818                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1252818                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1599583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1599583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1599583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1599583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123958                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.123958                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91193.820933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91193.820933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90149.890197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90149.890197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90175.879984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90175.879984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90175.879984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90175.879984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15176                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              187                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    81.155080                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   107.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2443                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2443                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    163869500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163869500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13843241499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13843241499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14007110999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14007110999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14007110999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14007110999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123949                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123949                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106824.967405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106824.967405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89147.319438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89147.319438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89320.241801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89320.241801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89320.241801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89320.241801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1017.339385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              20900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              707                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            29.561528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1017.339385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.993495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           211331                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          211331                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        51785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          51785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        51785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           51785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        51785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          51785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     61590998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61590998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     61590998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61590998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     61590998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61590998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        52655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        52655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        52655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        52655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        52655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70794.250575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70794.250575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70794.250575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70794.250575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70794.250575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70794.250575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           58                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          707                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              707                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64535.864979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64535.864979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64535.864979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64535.864979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64535.864979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64535.864979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157740                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       47.953027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        29.808959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16306.238015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          851                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9607                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2677924                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2677924                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155731                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155731                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          706                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              706                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            337                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                337                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  54                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     391                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155262                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155262                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          370                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              370                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1499                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1499                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               370                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156761                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157131                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13610041500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13610041500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41251500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     41251500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    161120500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    161120500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41251500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13771162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13812413500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41251500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13771162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13812413500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155731                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155731                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          706                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          706                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          707                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            707                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1534                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1534                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.523338                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.523338                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977184                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.977184                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.523338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.523338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87658.548132                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87658.548132                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111490.540541                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111490.540541                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107485.323549                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107485.323549                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111490.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87848.138249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87903.809560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111490.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87848.138249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87903.809560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               156012                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    156012                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155262                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155262                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          370                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1498                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1498                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12057411500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12057411500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37551500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37551500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    145726500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145726500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37551500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12203138000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12240689500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37551500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12203138000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12240689500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.523338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.976532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.976532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.523338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.523338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77658.483724                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77658.483724                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101490.540541                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101490.540541                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97280.707610                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97280.707610                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101490.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77845.993876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77901.670591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101490.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77845.993876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77901.670591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314360                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157246                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       156012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155262                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20041152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20041152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20041152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157130    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           939008000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826427000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315053                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157523                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          121                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            588                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          588                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2245                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311743                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          707                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155282                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           711                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1534                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        90496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20003008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20093504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157744                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9985024                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315270                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002249                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047369                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314561     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    709      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315270                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313964500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1066500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235227996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
