
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7557335341875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               76553524                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                142438794                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              198386137                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    76.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5891381515                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10961761830                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12798016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12798016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        21632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           21632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          199969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              199969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           338                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                338                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         838260793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             838260793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1416880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1416880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1416880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        838260793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            839677674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      199969                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        338                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    199969                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      338                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12795392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   21504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12798016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                21632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     41                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267374500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                199969                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  338                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   47131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.543550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.878644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.763333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40213     41.27%     41.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45340     46.53%     87.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10232     10.50%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1429      1.47%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          189      0.19%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    9475.428571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9290.703047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1840.710992                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.76%      4.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      4.76%      9.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      4.76%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      4.76%     19.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      9.52%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      9.52%     38.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      4.76%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            4     19.05%     61.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            3     14.29%     76.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2      9.52%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.76%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      4.76%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      4.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               21    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4770987000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8519637000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  999640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23863.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42613.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       838.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    838.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.34                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   102537                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     293                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76219.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348053580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184998660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               714000000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 793440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1649594820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24484320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5080833510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       170446560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9378513930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.285881                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11586024000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9564000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    443858250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3161439500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11142622375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347625180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184782345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               713485920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 960480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1643292900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24503520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5087780670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       169884000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9377624055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.227594                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11600171750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9554500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    442202000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3147736250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11157991375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1591926                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1591926                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            68226                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1326811                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  43963                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6960                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1326811                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            666861                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          659950                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        23208                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     714036                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      48206                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       138533                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          814                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1303880                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6187                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1333562                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4627934                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1591926                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            710824                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28984874                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 140290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        56893                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1297693                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7635                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     13                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30450840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.305520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.394600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28655850     94.11%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   26753      0.09%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  645185      2.12%     96.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   25062      0.08%     96.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  128712      0.42%     96.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   58597      0.19%     97.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   79726      0.26%     97.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   22810      0.07%     97.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  808145      2.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30450840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.052135                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.151563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  670800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28538277                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   873336                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               298282                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 70145                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7572831                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 70145                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  759545                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27374504                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12668                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1005971                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1228007                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7260358                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                61071                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                971086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                204641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                    14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8649006                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             20172641                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9515004                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            29955                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2777006                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5872013                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               213                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           270                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1892402                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1312073                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              73781                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3379                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3993                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6884196                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4398                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4818051                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4993                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4571703                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9540128                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4398                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30450840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.158224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.725862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28478085     93.52%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             781588      2.57%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             412719      1.36%     97.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             272846      0.90%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             307982      1.01%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              84101      0.28%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              72048      0.24%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              24002      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17469      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30450840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9045     66.48%     66.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  864      6.35%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3254     23.92%     96.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  306      2.25%     99.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              124      0.91%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              12      0.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17942      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3978535     82.58%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1338      0.03%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7831      0.16%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10757      0.22%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              747240     15.51%     98.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              52108      1.08%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2262      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            38      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4818051                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.157789                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13605                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40078268                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11434119                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4613332                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              27272                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             26178                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11822                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4799654                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  14060                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3496                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       871043                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          179                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        51788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           34                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1231                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 70145                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25488799                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               253306                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6888594                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1312073                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               73781                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1607                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21401                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                54642                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         35003                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        42307                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               77310                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4729528                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               713844                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            88523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      762040                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  545211                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     48196                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.154890                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4641628                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4625154                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3444798                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5344403                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.151472                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.644562                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4572302                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            70145                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29803364                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.077740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.508866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28783893     96.58%     96.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       477670      1.60%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107915      0.36%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       301821      1.01%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        59892      0.20%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28074      0.09%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5595      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3599      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34905      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29803364                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1159388                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2316904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        463024                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       441031                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    419015                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8788                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2308016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3875                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2652      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1837138     79.29%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            155      0.01%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6423      0.28%     79.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7512      0.32%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         439755     18.98%     99.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         21993      0.95%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1276      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2316904                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                34905                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36657665                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14427458                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            627                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          83848                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1159388                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2316904                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.336902                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.336902                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.037970                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.037970                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4590394                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4036760                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    20931                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   10409                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2830137                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1224620                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2489316                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           230995                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             311667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           230995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.349237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          767                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3145719                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3145719                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       289020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         289020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        21170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       310190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          310190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       310190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         310190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       417668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       417668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       418491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        418491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       418491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       418491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35483998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35483998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29405500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29405500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35513403500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35513403500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35513403500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35513403500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       706688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       706688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        21993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       728681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       728681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       728681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       728681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.591022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.591022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037421                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037421                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.574313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.574313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.574313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.574313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84957.425515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84957.425515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35729.647631                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35729.647631                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84860.614685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84860.614685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84860.614685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84860.614685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17242                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.552500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1991                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1991                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       187488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       187488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       187496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       187496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       187496                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       187496                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       230180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       230995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       230995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19507519500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19507519500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28030500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28030500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19535550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19535550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19535550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19535550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.325717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037057                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037057                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84748.976888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84748.976888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34393.251534                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34393.251534                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84571.311067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84571.311067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84571.311067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84571.311067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5190772                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5190772                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1297693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1297693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1297693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1297693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1297693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1297693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1297693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1297693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1297693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1297693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1297693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1297693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    199980                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      255328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    199980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.276768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.612220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.387780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3991                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3893620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3893620                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               609                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   609                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         30417                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             30417                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                31026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    31026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               31026                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   31026                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             206                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       199763                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          199763                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             199969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 199969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            199969                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                199969                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20148000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      20148000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18817399000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18817399000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18837547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18837547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18837547000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18837547000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           815                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               815                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       230180                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        230180                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           230995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               230995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          230995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              230995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.252761                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.252761                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.867856                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.867856                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.865685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.865685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.865685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.865685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97805.825243                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97805.825243                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94198.620365                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94198.620365                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94202.336362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94202.336362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94202.336362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94202.336362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  338                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       338                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199763                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       199763                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        199969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            199969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           199969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18088000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18088000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16819779000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16819779000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16837867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16837867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16837867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16837867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.252761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.867856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.867856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.865685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.865685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.865685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.865685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87805.825243                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87805.825243                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84198.670424                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84198.670424                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84202.386370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84202.386370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84202.386370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84202.386370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        399931                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       199970                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             199762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           199624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        199763                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       599899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       599899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 599899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12819584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12819584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12819584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            199969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  199969    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              199969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           470185500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1079494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       461990                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       230998                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          516                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             19                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            230180                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2329                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          428646                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              815                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             815                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       230180                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       692985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                692985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14911104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14911104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          199980                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     21632                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           430975                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001251                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035408                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 430437     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    537      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             430975                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          232986000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         346492500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
