
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               625961109125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                7366910                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 13945252                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               79707838                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   191.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1411067571                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2671091894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       20728640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           20729728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         1088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      3702656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         3702656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          323885                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              323902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         57854                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              57854                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             71263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1357710931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1357782194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        71263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            71263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       242521291                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            242521291                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       242521291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            71263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1357710931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1600303484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      323905                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      57854                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    323905                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    57854                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               20714816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   15104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 3702272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                20729920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              3702656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    236                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             19605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             20391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             20032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             19864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             20116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             20359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             20429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             20520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             20396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             20653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            20284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            19809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            20348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            20202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            20520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            20141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              3833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              3784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              3809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              3899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              3882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              3684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              3704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              3633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             3618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             3455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             3315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             3381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267598500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                323905                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                57854                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  130381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   84674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   66531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   42081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   3014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   3567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   3606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   3602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   3648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   3649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   3703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   3719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   3660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   3755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   4503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   4238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   3797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   4133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        67433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    362.082660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   193.345825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   388.418961                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26934     39.94%     39.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14253     21.14%     61.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4511      6.69%     67.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2093      3.10%     70.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1706      2.53%     73.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1250      1.85%     75.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1189      1.76%     77.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1000      1.48%     78.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        14497     21.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        67433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3543                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      91.286480                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.224950                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    277.994039                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          3108     87.72%     87.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          208      5.87%     93.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           80      2.26%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           25      0.71%     96.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           18      0.51%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            9      0.25%     97.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            9      0.25%     97.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            7      0.20%     97.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      0.14%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            5      0.14%     98.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            8      0.23%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535           14      0.40%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            5      0.14%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            5      0.14%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            3      0.08%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047           12      0.34%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            9      0.25%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            4      0.11%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            9      0.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          3543                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3543                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.327406                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.308233                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.823876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             3004     84.79%     84.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               48      1.35%     86.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              407     11.49%     97.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               52      1.47%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               19      0.54%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               12      0.34%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          3543                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   6423973750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             12492767500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1618345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19847.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38597.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1356.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       242.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1357.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    242.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        12.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    10.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   270498                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   43585                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 83.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                75.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      39992.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                244130880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                129762435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1151781960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              156657420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1193630880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           2028467550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             49329120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3899641890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       548576160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        213489120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9615693015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            629.820939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          10689972250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     37715000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     505466000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    709564000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1428621000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4034190875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8551787250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                237347880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                126145800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1159200420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              145309140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1172733120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           2022891810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             51968640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3737867340                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       542724480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        311859420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9508185150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            622.779252                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          10693700500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43362000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     496698000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1085119500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1413267750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4031684750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8197212125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                5865474                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5865474                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            83622                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             5161751                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 375082                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              2914                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        5161751                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3403886                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1757865                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        11123                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    7636050                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    3273375                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        49426                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        10179                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    4651730                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           4684113                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      28504849                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    5865474                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3778968                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     25765934                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 167552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          203                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4651693                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                26892                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.824453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.022138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                20919501     68.51%     68.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  786160      2.57%     71.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  431674      1.41%     72.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1199066      3.93%     76.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  540822      1.77%     78.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  768085      2.52%     80.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1130503      3.70%     84.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  391432      1.28%     85.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4366809     14.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.192092                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.933524                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 3888005                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             17930937                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  7882324                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               749010                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 83776                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              54891793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 83776                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 4219250                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               14090125                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13868                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8207974                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3919059                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              54590969                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               359568                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                877381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 31836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               2453788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           66816457                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            135351257                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        81491703                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               11                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             59747313                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7068929                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               700                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           705                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4227987                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             6173887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3332663                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            27504                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          195552                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  53888635                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3472                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 54476219                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            35448                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4602346                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4625749                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3365                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.784114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.336589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           16570187     54.27%     54.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1564805      5.12%     59.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2441865      8.00%     67.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2319556      7.60%     74.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2198681      7.20%     82.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2269358      7.43%     89.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1680436      5.50%     95.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1068426      3.50%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             420738      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 737660     72.24%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                282789     27.69%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  659      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               2      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            84231      0.15%      0.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             43250618     79.39%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               46412      0.09%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               147507      0.27%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     79.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             7661248     14.06%     93.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3286192      6.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            11      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              54476219                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.784076                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1021110                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018744                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         140543027                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         58494565                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     52598559                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 24                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                22                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           11                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              55413085                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     13                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          611619                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       612289                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          839                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          134                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       153734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1635943                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 83776                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6239436                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               155224                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           53892107                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              186                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6173887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3332663                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1663                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 71642                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                55957                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           134                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         64002                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        34367                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               98369                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             54337259                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              7634033                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           138963                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    10906546                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 5444422                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   3272513                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.779526                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      52645720                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     52598570                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 39526786                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 64432070                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.722584                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.613464                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4602371                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            107                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            83648                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29910325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.647912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.758958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19410199     64.89%     64.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1673479      5.59%     70.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1075690      3.60%     74.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2098890      7.02%     81.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       657210      2.20%     83.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       673255      2.25%     85.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       550114      1.84%     87.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       299635      1.00%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3471853     11.61%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29910325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            25328493                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              49289597                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       8740501                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      5561572                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         64                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   5210103                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 49213403                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              352142                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        76121      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        40289975     81.74%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          45128      0.09%     81.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          137872      0.28%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        5561572     11.28%     93.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       3178929      6.45%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         49289597                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3471853                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    80330440                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  108408811                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              6                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            636                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   25328493                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     49289597                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.205547                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.205547                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.829499                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.829499                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                81234428                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               44191669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                       11                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 30749760                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                20020095                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22087410                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           377636                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           29878461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           377636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            79.119737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          592                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         34749932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        34749932                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4783648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4783648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3131323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3131323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7914971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         7914971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7914971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        7914971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       629635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       629635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        48468                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        48468                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       678103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        678103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       678103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       678103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  47232089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47232089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2923294761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2923294761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50155383761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  50155383761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50155383761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  50155383761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5413283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5413283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3179791                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3179791                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8593074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8593074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8593074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8593074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.116313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.078913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.078913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.078913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.078913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75015.030931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75015.030931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60313.913531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60313.913531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73964.255815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73964.255815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73964.255815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73964.255815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     10654606                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           263572                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.423892                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        70020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            70020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       300406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       300406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       300463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       300463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       300463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       300463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       329229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       329229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        48411                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        48411                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       377640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       377640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       377640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       377640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27388857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27388857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2871387261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2871387261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30260244261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30260244261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30260244261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30260244261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.060819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015225                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015225                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83190.900559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83190.900559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59312.702919                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59312.702919                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80129.870408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80129.870408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80129.870408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80129.870408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               17                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1667996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               17                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         98117.411765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         18606789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        18606789                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      4651668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4651668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      4651668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         4651668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      4651668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        4651668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2099500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2099500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2099500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2099500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2099500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2099500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4651693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4651693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4651693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4651693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4651693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4651693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        83980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        83980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        83980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           17                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               17                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99529.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99529.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99529.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99529.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99529.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99529.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    323952                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      440429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    323952                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.359550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        3.625355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.934926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16379.439719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         4034                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11928                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   6366424                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  6366424                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        70020                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            70020                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           17                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               17                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             19488                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 19488                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         34263                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             34263                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                53751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    53751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               53751                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   53751                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           28923                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               28923                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               17                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       294966                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          294966                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             323889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 323906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                17                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            323889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                323906                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2589341000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2589341000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1666500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1666500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  26520022500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  26520022500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1666500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  29109363500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      29111030000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1666500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  29109363500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     29111030000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        70020                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        70020                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           17                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           17                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         48411                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             48411                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             17                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       329229                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        329229                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           377640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               377657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          377640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              377657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.597447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.597447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.895930                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.895930                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.857666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.857672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.857666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.857672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89525.325865                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89525.325865                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98029.411765                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98029.411765                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89908.743720                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89908.743720                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98029.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89874.504846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89874.932851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98029.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89874.504846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89874.932851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                57854                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     57854                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           16                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            16                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        28923                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          28923                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       294966                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       294966                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        323889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            323906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       323889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           323906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2300111000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2300111000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1496500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1496500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23570402500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23570402500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1496500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25870513500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25872010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1496500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25870513500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25872010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.597447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.895930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.895930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.857666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.857672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.857666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.857672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79525.325865                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79525.325865                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88029.411765                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88029.411765                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79908.879328                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79908.879328                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88029.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79874.628345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79875.056344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88029.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79874.628345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79875.056344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        647815                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       323911                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294979                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        57854                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           266056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             28923                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            28923                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        294982                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       971717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       971717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 971717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24432384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     24432384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                24432384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            323905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  323905    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              323905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           959770500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1693200000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             11.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       755310                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       377653                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             58                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           58                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            329242                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       127874                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          573714                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            48411                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           48411                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       329229                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           51                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1132912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1132963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     28649984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               28652160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          323952                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   3702656                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           701609                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000084                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.009170                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 701550     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     59      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             701609                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          447692000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             25500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         566454000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
