
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3801568687125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               75155105                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                139281897                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              205292471                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    74.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5589188419                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10358218006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12124992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12124992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        41344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           41344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          189453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              189453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           646                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                646                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         794178208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             794178208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2708002                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2708002                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2708002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        794178208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            796886210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      189453                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        646                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    189453                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      646                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12119872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   41088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12124992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                41344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     80                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267310000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                189453                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  646                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   41344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.022873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.537713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.900474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44152     45.39%     45.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43142     44.35%     89.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8632      8.87%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1161      1.19%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          138      0.14%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4735.600000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4579.619139                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1225.421974                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            2      5.00%      5.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      2.50%      7.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.50%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      5.00%     15.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      7.50%     22.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            5     12.50%     35.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      7.50%     42.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            5     12.50%     55.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      5.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      7.50%     67.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      7.50%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            3      7.50%     82.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      5.00%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.50%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            3      7.50%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      2.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.050000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.047183                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.316228                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               39     97.50%     97.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4698729250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8249473000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  946865000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24812.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43562.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       793.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    794.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    92183                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     562                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80312.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347482380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184695060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               678499920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1117080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1617823020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24088800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5199500670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        97667040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9356183010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.823221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11655620000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9402000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    254658250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3091727750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11401696125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347032560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184467360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               673630440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2234160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1609851570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24495840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5201379960                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       102390240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9350791170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.470060                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11673539000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9486000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    266804250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3074459125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11406734750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1313958                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1313958                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            53626                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              907320                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  43826                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6739                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         907320                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            562814                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          344506                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        18283                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     689689                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      64046                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       155451                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1251                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1104914                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2996                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1129991                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3939405                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1313958                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            606640                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29281239                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 109212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1812                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        27591                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            2                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1101918                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7195                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30495899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.259803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.285263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28964162     94.98%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   15179      0.05%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  542040      1.78%     96.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   29469      0.10%     96.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  112588      0.37%     97.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   58656      0.19%     97.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   88525      0.29%     97.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   21774      0.07%     97.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  663506      2.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30495899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043032                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.129014                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  542234                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28897458                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   702441                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               299160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 54606                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6671861                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 54606                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  631441                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27734510                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          7638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   840505                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1227199                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6415867                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                61706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1026326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                135437                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2698                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7675605                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17789572                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8549910                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            50961                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3367664                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4307787                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               171                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           219                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1910952                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1111878                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              87022                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5132                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3523                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6090488                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4026                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4600086                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7795                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3302739                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6795322                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4026                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30495899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.150843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.711184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28578980     93.71%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             788049      2.58%     96.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             409817      1.34%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             282111      0.93%     98.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             232487      0.76%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              83356      0.27%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              69806      0.23%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              29838      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              21455      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30495899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14774     71.33%     71.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1552      7.49%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3875     18.71%     97.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  342      1.65%     99.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              152      0.73%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              18      0.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17255      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3761029     81.76%     82.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 851      0.02%     82.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                15382      0.33%     82.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              20130      0.44%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              713824     15.52%     98.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              67859      1.48%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3701      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            55      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4600086                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.150651                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      20713                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004503                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39674871                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9356870                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4422273                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              49712                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             40388                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        22317                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4577929                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  25615                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            8268                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       618069                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          141                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        41890                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           86                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          891                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 54606                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25973831                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               245247                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6094514                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2830                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1111878                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               87022                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1460                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 11746                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                36288                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         29280                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        32263                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               61543                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4524738                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               689284                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            75352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      753318                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  572817                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     64034                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.148184                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4460831                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4444590                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3175396                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5307167                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.145559                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.598322                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3303129                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            54603                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30027644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.092969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.578642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28857332     96.10%     96.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       519385      1.73%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       143803      0.48%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       353193      1.18%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48813      0.16%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        30918      0.10%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6436      0.02%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5487      0.02%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        62277      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30027644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1400755                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2791653                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        538923                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       493791                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    476765                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     18152                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2773233                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7975                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5564      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2217700     79.44%     79.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            319      0.01%     79.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           13643      0.49%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         15504      0.56%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         491143     17.59%     98.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         45132      1.62%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2648      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2791653                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                62277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36060149                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12659679                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            277                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          38789                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1400755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2791653                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             21.798736                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       21.798736                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.045874                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.045874                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4909151                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3819494                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    39274                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19652                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3098058                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1344390                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2326800                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           245258                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             302126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           245258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.231870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          783                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3132806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3132806                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       253927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         253927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        44077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         44077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       298004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          298004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       298004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         298004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       422828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       422828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1055                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1055                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       423883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        423883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       423883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       423883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33179519500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33179519500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51989999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51989999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33231509499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33231509499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33231509499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33231509499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       676755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       676755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        45132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        45132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       721887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       721887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       721887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       721887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.624787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.624787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.587187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.587187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.587187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.587187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78470.488000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78470.488000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49279.619905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49279.619905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78397.835013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78397.835013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78397.835013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78397.835013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19051                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              740                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.744595                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       178621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       178621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       178626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       178626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       178626                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       178626                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       244207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       244207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       245257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       245257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       245257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       245257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18963506500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18963506500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     50599499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50599499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19014105999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19014105999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19014105999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19014105999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.360850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023265                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023265                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.339744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.339744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77653.410836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77653.410836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48189.999048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48189.999048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77527.271389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77527.271389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77527.271389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77527.271389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4407672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4407672                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1101918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1101918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1101918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1101918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1101918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1101918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1101918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1101918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1101918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1101918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1101918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1101918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    189462                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      291246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    189462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.537226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.897364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.102636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4856                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4111110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4111110                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2455                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2455                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               628                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   628                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         55177                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             55177                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                55805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    55805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               55805                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   55805                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             423                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 423                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       189029                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          189029                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             189452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 189452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            189452                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                189452                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42223500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      42223500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17986911000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17986911000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18029134500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18029134500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18029134500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18029134500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2455                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2455                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1051                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1051                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       244206                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        244206                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           245257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               245257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          245257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              245257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.402474                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.402474                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.774056                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.774056                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.772463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.772463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.772463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.772463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99819.148936                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99819.148936                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95154.240884                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95154.240884                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95164.656483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95164.656483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95164.656483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95164.656483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  646                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       646                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          423                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            423                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189029                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       189029                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        189452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            189452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           189452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37993500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37993500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16096611000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16096611000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16134604500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16134604500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16134604500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16134604500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.402474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.402474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.774056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.772463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.772463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.772463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.772463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89819.148936                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89819.148936                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85154.187982                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85154.187982                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85164.603699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85164.603699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85164.603699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85164.603699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        378901                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       189454                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             189030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          646                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           188802                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        189030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       568354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       568354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 568354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12166336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12166336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12166336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            189453                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  189453    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              189453                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           449404500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1025314500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       490515                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       245259                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          568                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            244207                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          431619                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       244206                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       735773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                735773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15853632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15853632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          189462                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     41344                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           434719                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001346                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036722                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 434135     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    583      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             434719                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          247712500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         367887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
