
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3633627901750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               74874996                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                138732314                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              205108476                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    74.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5573352324                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10326601600                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12209088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12209088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        45504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           45504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          190767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              190767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         799686435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             799686435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2980479                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2980479                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2980479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        799686435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            802666914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      190767                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        711                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    190767                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      711                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12202496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   45056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12209088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                45504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    103                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267328000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                190767                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  711                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  144311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.051464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.305875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.709573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43523     44.80%     44.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43354     44.62%     89.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8819      9.08%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1252      1.29%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          158      0.16%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           44                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4311.931818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4186.442892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1056.261362                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      2.27%      2.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      2.27%      4.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            3      6.82%     11.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            3      6.82%     18.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            3      6.82%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            7     15.91%     40.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4      9.09%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      9.09%     59.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      4.55%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            4      9.09%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      6.82%     79.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      2.27%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.27%     84.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      4.55%     88.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      4.55%     93.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.27%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            2      4.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            44                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           44                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               44    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            44                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4675434750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8250384750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  953320000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24521.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43271.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       799.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    799.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    93602                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     603                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79734.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                351259440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186668460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               690559380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1680840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1627186980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24544800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5199908220                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        88982400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9376099560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.127741                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11635472250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9550500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    231887500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3112461375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11403584750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                342484380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182038560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               670781580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1994040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1593098700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24667680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5202496590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       115385760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9338256330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.649037                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11709965750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9768000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    300665750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3037662875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11409387500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1763799                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1763799                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            85307                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1419465                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  66582                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10896                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1419465                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            724086                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          695379                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        31657                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     863336                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      88915                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       161053                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1509                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1406338                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8364                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1444797                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5389987                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1763799                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            790668                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28841582                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 176234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        70756                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1397974                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                11235                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     12                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30450193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.356688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.507150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28411478     93.30%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   31419      0.10%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  654409      2.15%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   43030      0.14%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  143856      0.47%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   92234      0.30%     96.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   99592      0.33%     96.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   35644      0.12%     96.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  938531      3.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30450193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.057764                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.176520                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  763733                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28231989                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1031594                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               334760                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 88117                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8971394                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 88117                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  874771                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26912111                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         18176                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1174978                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1382040                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8573028                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                90761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1047011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                268712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10196639                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23502735                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        11494391                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            61912                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3558016                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6638636                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               312                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           412                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2078738                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1469007                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             129480                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             7196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6311                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8062779                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6903                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5881858                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9744                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5109608                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10013099                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          6903                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30450193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.193163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.819234                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28142103     92.42%     92.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             875566      2.88%     95.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             476053      1.56%     96.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             328297      1.08%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             336710      1.11%     99.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             122408      0.40%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             100778      0.33%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              40477      0.13%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              27801      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30450193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  17280     69.08%     69.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1866      7.46%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5193     20.76%     97.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  434      1.74%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              227      0.91%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              14      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            27468      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4807677     81.74%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2164      0.04%     82.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                16472      0.28%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              23109      0.39%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              904639     15.38%     98.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              95732      1.63%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4562      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            35      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5881858                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.192629                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      25014                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004253                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42190811                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13127752                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5603757                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              57856                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             51542                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        25228                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5849590                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  29814                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7841                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       942625                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          219                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80760                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1110                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 88117                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24458264                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               290083                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8069682                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5953                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1469007                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              129480                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2510                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 20673                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                85438                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         43856                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55544                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               99400                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5754242                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               862832                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           127616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      951720                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  670411                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     88888                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.188449                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5655975                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5628985                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4142348                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6639745                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.184347                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.623872                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5110545                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            88114                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29712329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.099625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.601807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28487045     95.88%     95.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       546133      1.84%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       140315      0.47%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       352661      1.19%     99.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        68474      0.23%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        38335      0.13%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9253      0.03%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6652      0.02%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        63461      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29712329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1483150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2960087                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        575103                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       526383                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    504728                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     19516                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2940398                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                8600                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5845      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2348023     79.32%     79.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            344      0.01%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           14092      0.48%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         16680      0.56%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         523547     17.69%     98.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         48720      1.65%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2836      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2960087                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                63461                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37719500                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   16881662                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            659                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          84495                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1483150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2960087                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             20.587727                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       20.587727                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.048573                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.048573                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6057052                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4881199                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    44708                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   22347                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3480342                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1579029                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2921720                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           255218                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             442185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           255218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.732578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3843826                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3843826                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       393019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         393019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        47671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         47671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       440690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          440690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       440690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         440690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       455413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       455413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       456462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        456462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       456462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       456462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34705727500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34705727500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     56360500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     56360500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34762088000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34762088000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34762088000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34762088000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       848432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       848432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        48720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        48720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       897152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       897152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       897152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       897152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.536770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.536770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.508790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.508790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.508790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.508790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76207.151531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76207.151531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53727.836034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53727.836034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76155.491585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76155.491585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76155.491585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76155.491585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        25585                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           60                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              926                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.629590                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           60                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       201234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       201244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       201244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       254179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       254179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       255218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       255218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       255218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       255218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19129693500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19129693500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     54390000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54390000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19184083500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19184083500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19184083500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19184083500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.299587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021326                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021326                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.284476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.284476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75260.715873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75260.715873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52348.411935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52348.411935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75167.439209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75167.439209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75167.439209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75167.439209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5591896                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5591896                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1397974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1397974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1397974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1397974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1397974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1397974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1397974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1397974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1397974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1397974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1397974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1397974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    190780                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      311028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    190780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.630297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.460837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.539163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5663                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4272364                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4272364                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2345                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2345                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               579                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   579                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         63872                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             63872                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                64451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    64451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               64451                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   64451                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             460                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 460                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       190307                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          190307                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             190767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 190767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            190767                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                190767                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46501000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      46501000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18045427000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18045427000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18091928000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18091928000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18091928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18091928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2345                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2345                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1039                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1039                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       254179                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        254179                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           255218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               255218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          255218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              255218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.442733                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.442733                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.748713                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.748713                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.747467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.747467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.747467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.747467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101089.130435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101089.130435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94822.718029                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94822.718029                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94837.828346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94837.828346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94837.828346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94837.828346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  711                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       711                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          460                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            460                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190307                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       190307                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        190767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            190767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           190767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41901000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41901000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16142357000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16142357000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16184258000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16184258000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16184258000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16184258000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.442733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.748713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.748713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.747467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.747467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.747467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.747467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91089.130435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91089.130435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84822.718029                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84822.718029                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84837.828346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84837.828346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84837.828346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84837.828346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        381525                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       190767                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             190307                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          711                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           190047                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        190307                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       572292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       572292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 572292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12254592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12254592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12254592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            190767                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  190767    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              190767                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           450062500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1032064000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       510436                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       255218                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          462                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             25                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           22                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            254179                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          442942                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1039                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1039                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       254179                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       765654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                765654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16484032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16484032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          190780                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     45504                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           445998                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001099                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.033330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 445511     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    484      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             445998                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          257563000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         382827000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
