
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2335903651125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               18832717                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 34472126                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56449352                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   270.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5093513713                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9323362928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1042240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1042368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       935104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          935104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           16285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               16287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         14611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              14611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          68265966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              68274350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        61248636                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             61248636                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        61248636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         68265966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            129522986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       16288                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      14611                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     16288                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    14611                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1042176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  935616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1042432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               935104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267357500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 16288                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                14611                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   14977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        22204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     89.067916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.631946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    51.009736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        16070     72.37%     72.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4596     20.70%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255          947      4.26%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          368      1.66%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          114      0.51%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           57      0.26%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           19      0.09%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           21      0.09%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            7      0.03%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            5      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        22204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          847                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.230224                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.135013                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.931482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                5      0.59%      0.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               52      6.14%      6.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17              111     13.11%     19.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              143     16.88%     36.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              172     20.31%     57.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              164     19.36%     76.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               98     11.57%     87.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               62      7.32%     95.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               24      2.83%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24                8      0.94%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25                3      0.35%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                4      0.47%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27                1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           847                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.259740                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.228382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.035343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              325     38.37%     38.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               24      2.83%     41.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              451     53.25%     94.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               47      5.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    492197000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               797522000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   81420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     30225.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                48975.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        68.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        61.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     68.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     61.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     5496                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3200                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 33.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     494105.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 75248460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 39980325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                55313580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               36211140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1226206800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            976863150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             33809280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4156998030                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1382388480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        121738140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8105171745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            530.882888                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13036342750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     32211500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     519210000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    319942750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3599925250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1679579875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9116474750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 83309520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 44283855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                60947040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               40100040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1221904320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            951286110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             33136320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4332540930                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1288840800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         90651840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8147120505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            533.630502                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13094125500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27136000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     517258000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    237084000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3356380250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1628574000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9500911875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13259550                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13259550                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1395193                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11055754                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1042501                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            186843                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11055754                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2609968                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8445786                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       925064                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6923434                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2231373                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        83542                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        16894                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6535361                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2683                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7379851                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56508044                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13259550                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3652469                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21741654                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2792632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        15281                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6532678                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               322875                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.041262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.672147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12099052     39.62%     39.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  525044      1.72%     41.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  904122      2.96%     44.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1332252      4.36%     48.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  585781      1.92%     50.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1159930      3.80%     54.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1012988      3.32%     57.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  473640      1.55%     59.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12441229     40.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.434245                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.850618                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5562816                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8383903                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13735026                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1455977                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1396316                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110286810                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1396316                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6643963                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7029577                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        247958                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13891587                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1324637                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103028282                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                29609                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                744465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                347664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115872865                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255045618                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139109765                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         20446945                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             47608597                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                68264071                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             33282                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         35698                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3337337                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9465063                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3116796                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           144726                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          147546                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89237339                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             199475                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70705197                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           670167                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       48466581                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69920649                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        199363                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.315619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.592571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13375469     43.81%     43.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2241988      7.34%     51.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2749565      9.00%     60.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2297939      7.53%     67.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2338079      7.66%     75.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2219571      7.27%     82.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2638420      8.64%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1594485      5.22%     96.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1078522      3.53%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1423524     92.75%     92.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                80737      5.26%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4777      0.31%     98.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1848      0.12%     98.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            23507      1.53%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             392      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1916490      2.71%      2.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53538690     75.72%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2515      0.00%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                69611      0.10%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5185480      7.33%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5003538      7.08%     92.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2430523      3.44%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2557159      3.62%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1191      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70705197                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.315570                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1534785                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021707                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158234522                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118818816                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59366438                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15914862                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          19084819                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7043875                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62363692                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7959800                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          199658                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5833153                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3539                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          267                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1544121                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3065                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            5                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1396316                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6292947                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 9046                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89436814                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50040                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9465063                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3116796                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             83990                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5292                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1938                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           267                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        412157                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1338551                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1750708                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67607471                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6884591                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3097726                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9115042                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6187914                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2230451                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.214120                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      66977401                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66410313                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49216005                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87449757                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.174914                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.562792                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       48466763                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1396155                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23144843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.770159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.396105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10767513     46.52%     46.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3045186     13.16%     59.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3446560     14.89%     74.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1816622      7.85%     82.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       926596      4.00%     86.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       765898      3.31%     89.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       321717      1.39%     91.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       322294      1.39%     92.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1732457      7.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23144843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18563626                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              40970062                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5204556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3631896                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4276417                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3172519                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38256631                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              361644                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       721092      1.76%      1.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32610911     79.60%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1113      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           45300      0.11%     81.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2387090      5.83%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2856498      6.97%     94.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1572660      3.84%     98.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       775398      1.89%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         40970062                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1732457                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110849211                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186406862                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            107                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            650                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18563626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     40970062                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.644867                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.644867                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.607952                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.607952                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                85812519                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               50785852                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 11093976                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6660339                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 35882990                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17772780                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21717601                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            18451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             469797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.461872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         32883895                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        32883895                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6618148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6618148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1564015                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1564015                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8182163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8182163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8182163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8182163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        25141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         9057                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9057                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        34198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         34198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        34198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        34198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1936966000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1936966000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    853023500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    853023500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2789989500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2789989500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2789989500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2789989500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6643289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6643289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1573072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1573072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8216361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8216361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8216361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8216361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005758                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005758                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77044.111213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77044.111213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94183.890913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94183.890913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81583.411311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81583.411311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81583.411311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81583.411311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           79                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15168                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            15168                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        15275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        15730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        15730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    873773500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873773500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    809392000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    809392000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1683165500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1683165500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1683165500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1683165500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005468                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005468                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88564.109061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88564.109061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94093.466636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94093.466636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91139.565735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91139.565735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91139.565735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91139.565735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1100                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.354300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             110123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           100.111818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.354300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26131830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26131830                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6531530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6531530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6531530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6531530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6531530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6531530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14695500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14695500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14695500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14695500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14695500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14695500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6532678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6532678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6532678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6532678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6532678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6532678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12800.958188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12800.958188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12800.958188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12800.958188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12800.958188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12800.958188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1100                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1100                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13420500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13420500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13420500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13420500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13420500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13420500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12004.025045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12004.025045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12004.025045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12004.025045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12004.025045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12004.025045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     16291                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       17682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     16291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.085385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       17.850953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        15.080372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16351.068675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9704                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    329027                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   329027                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        15168                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            15168                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1100                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1100                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1098                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1098                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2092                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2092                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1098                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2165                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3263                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            8513                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8513                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7773                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7773                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              16286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  16288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             16286                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 16288                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    795483000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     795483000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       179500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    836469500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    836469500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1631952500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1632132000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1631952500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1632132000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        15168                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15168                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1100                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1100                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          8586                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              8586                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1100                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1100                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         9865                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9865                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            18451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                19551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           18451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               19551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.411765                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.411765                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991498                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.991498                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001818                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001818                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.787937                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.787937                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.882662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.833103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.882662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.833103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93443.321978                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93443.321978                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107612.183198                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107612.183198                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100205.851652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100204.567780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100205.851652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100204.567780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                14611                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     14611                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8513                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8513                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7773                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7773                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         16286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             16288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        16286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            16288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       140500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       140500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    710343000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    710343000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    758749500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    758749500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1469092500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1469252000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1469092500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1469252000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.411765                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411765                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.787937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.787937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.833103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.833103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20071.428571                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20071.428571                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83442.147304                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83442.147304                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97613.469703                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97613.469703                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90205.851652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90204.567780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90205.851652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90204.567780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         32581                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16296                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7774                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        14611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7775                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        48869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        48869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  48869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1977536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1977536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1977536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             16295                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   16295    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               16295                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            94982500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           88391500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        39137                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        19549                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           62                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              6                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             10982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        29779                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4963                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8586                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8587                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        55387                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 58705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       140800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2151616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2292416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           16309                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    936256                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            35877                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001840                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.042852                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  35811     99.82%     99.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     66      0.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              35877                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           35836500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1677000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          27685000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
