
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8381771924625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               88170018                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                164179469                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              226118473                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    67.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5953168422                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11085267940                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12343552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12343552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        20672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          192868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              192868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         808493730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             808493730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1354001                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1354001                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1354001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        808493730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            809847731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      192867                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        323                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    192867                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      323                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12340736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   20480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12343488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                20672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     43                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267257000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                192867                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  323                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   41608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.365097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.887354                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.097905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43155     44.11%     44.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44339     45.32%     89.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9007      9.21%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1183      1.21%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          115      0.12%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    9634.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9508.597124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1603.505916                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            4     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            4     20.00%     45.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3     15.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2     10.00%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      5.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            4     20.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      5.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4740271500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8355721500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  964120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24583.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43333.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       808.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    808.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    95049                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     273                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79027.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                350738220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186429375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               691773180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 631620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1643527740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24606240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5172125850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        98371200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     667740.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9374794845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.042283                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11598976000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9846000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF       480750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    256280500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3147904500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11342706375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347718000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184820295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               684997320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1038780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1627001730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24480960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5173174080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       111715200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9360255405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.089960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11634366750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9540500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    290579250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3113524000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11343840375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1030589                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1030589                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            38040                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              859232                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  26153                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4072                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         859232                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            451165                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          408067                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        13848                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     555749                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      38905                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       139478                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          652                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     879256                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2171                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            897108                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3017677                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1030589                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            477318                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29558162                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  77442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       346                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 540                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        18435                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   877085                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4599                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30513312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.198420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.121054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29309690     96.06%     96.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   16468      0.05%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  451818      1.48%     97.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19414      0.06%     97.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   94201      0.31%     97.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   36974      0.12%     98.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   74263      0.24%     98.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   15010      0.05%     98.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  495474      1.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30513312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.033751                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.098828                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  409064                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29299968                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   502773                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               262786                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 38721                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5122200                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 38721                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  484307                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               28265153                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8778                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   625351                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1091002                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               4939768                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                32241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                955869                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 73792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   297                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            5898103                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             13746127                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         6461684                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            29512                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2650769                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 3247334                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           166                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1713077                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              873747                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              58100                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3376                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3829                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   4712121                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3323                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3581185                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5312                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2514474                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5180895                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3323                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30513312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.117365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.605180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28901606     94.72%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             723388      2.37%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             351888      1.15%     98.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             235688      0.77%     99.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             171647      0.56%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              55045      0.18%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              45314      0.15%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              16628      0.05%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              12108      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30513312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7903     67.64%     67.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  772      6.61%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2624     22.46%     96.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  186      1.59%     98.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              192      1.64%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            10993      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              2933925     81.93%     82.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1076      0.03%     82.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7357      0.21%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10093      0.28%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              573097     16.00%     98.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              42050      1.17%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2574      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            20      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3581185                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.117283                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11684                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003263                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          37666183                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          7203226                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3458031                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              26495                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             26692                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11225                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3568212                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  13664                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3267                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       462940                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        37597                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1343                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 38721                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26812424                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               216559                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            4715444                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               873747                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               58100                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 10265                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                16100                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         20461                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        23336                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               43797                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3527465                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               555543                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            53720                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      594436                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  471762                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     38893                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.115523                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3479378                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3469256                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2419357                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4047299                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.113617                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.597771                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2514669                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            38721                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30159416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.072978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.482227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29163247     96.70%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       458048      1.52%     98.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123828      0.41%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       323090      1.07%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34347      0.11%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18267      0.06%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4238      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2963      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31388      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30159416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1102463                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2200970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        431310                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       410807                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    399677                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8750                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2192359                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3625                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2601      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1753045     79.65%     79.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            145      0.01%     79.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6489      0.29%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7380      0.34%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         409437     18.60%     99.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         20503      0.93%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1370      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2200970                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                31388                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    34843667                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                    9786246                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            165                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          21376                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1102463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2200970                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.696792                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.696792                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036105                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036105                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3723949                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                2963709                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    19549                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9723                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2515689                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1053010                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1872887                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           223970                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             185986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           223970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.830406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          792                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2501002                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2501002                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       165449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         165449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        19707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         19707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       185156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          185156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       185156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         185156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       383306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       383306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          796                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          796                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       384102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        384102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       384102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       384102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32762215500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32762215500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28741997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28741997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32790957497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32790957497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32790957497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32790957497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       548755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       548755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20503                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20503                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       569258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       569258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       569258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       569258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.698501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.698501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.674742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.674742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.674742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.674742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85472.743709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85472.743709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36108.036432                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36108.036432                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85370.441958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85370.441958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85370.441958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85370.441958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13441                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              784                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.144133                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       160126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       160126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       160132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       160132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       160132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       160132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       223180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       223970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       223970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18977168500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18977168500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27509497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27509497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19004677997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19004677997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19004677997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19004677997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.406702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.393442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.393442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.393442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.393442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85030.775607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85030.775607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34822.148101                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34822.148101                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84853.676818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84853.676818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84853.676818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84853.676818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3508340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3508340                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       877085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         877085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       877085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          877085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       877085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         877085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       877085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       877085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       877085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       877085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       877085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       877085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    192870                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      252394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    192870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.308622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.975271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.024729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10652                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3773830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3773830                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2069                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2069                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               598                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   598                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         30504                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             30504                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                31102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    31102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               31102                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   31102                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             192                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 192                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192676                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192676                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             192868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 192868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            192868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                192868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19764500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19764500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18296239500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18296239500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18316004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18316004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18316004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18316004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2069                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2069                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           790                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               790                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       223180                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        223180                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           223970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               223970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          223970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              223970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.243038                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.243038                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.863321                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.863321                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.861133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.861133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.861133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.861133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102940.104167                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102940.104167                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94958.580726                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94958.580726                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94966.526329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94966.526329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94966.526329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94966.526329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  323                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       323                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          192                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192676                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192676                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        192868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            192868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           192868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17844500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17844500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16369479500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16369479500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16387324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16387324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16387324000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16387324000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.243038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.863321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.861133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.861133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.861133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.861133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92940.104167                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92940.104167                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84958.580726                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84958.580726                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84966.526329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84966.526329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84966.526329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84966.526329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        385727                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       192869                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192676                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       578595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       578595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 578595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12364224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12364224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12364224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            192867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  192867    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              192867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           458008500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1043317750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       447940                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       223966                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          557                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             11                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            223180                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          414448                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              790                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             790                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       223180                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       671910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                671910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14466496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14466496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          192870                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     20672                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           416840                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001353                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036759                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 416276     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    564      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             416840                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          226039000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         335955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
