
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6549690629625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               91231289                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                169585114                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              239521001                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    63.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5815184215                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10809547631                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12472512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12472512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        24448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           24448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           382                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                382                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         816940517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             816940517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1601326                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1601326                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1601326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        816940517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            818541843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194881                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        382                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194881                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      382                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12468416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3968                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   24576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12472384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                24448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     62                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267319500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194881                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  382                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.485118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.593141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.390706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41590     42.77%     42.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44796     46.07%     88.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9385      9.65%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1280      1.32%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          145      0.15%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8207.958333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7962.885915                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2046.537701                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      8.33%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      4.17%     12.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      8.33%     20.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      8.33%     29.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     12.50%     41.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            5     20.83%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     12.50%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      4.17%     79.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      8.33%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2      8.33%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      4.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               24    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4746547000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8399403250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  974095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24363.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43113.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       816.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    816.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97643                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     330                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78188.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                350766780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186440760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               703618440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1811340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1652805060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24120480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5155081710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       105582240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9385535850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.745811                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11579008250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9546000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    275271500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3168548000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11304118625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                343455420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182547090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               687403500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 193140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1620059130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24373440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5180106420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       111831360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9355278540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.763979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11651451500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    291412750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3096751000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11360040375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1159822                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1159822                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            46001                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              867388                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  34127                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5431                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         867388                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            500664                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          366724                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        14781                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     599609                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      47231                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       136415                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          701                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     975180                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4436                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            995198                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3420995                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1159822                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            534791                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29388174                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  94946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1072                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        41295                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   970744                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30474659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.225837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.198187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29129533     95.59%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   14233      0.05%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  488319      1.60%     97.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   23364      0.08%     97.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  102012      0.33%     97.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   50807      0.17%     97.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   77025      0.25%     98.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   17814      0.06%     98.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  571552      1.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30474659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.037984                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.112036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  473656                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29091817                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   590092                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               271621                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 47473                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5723241                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 47473                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  551720                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27930153                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   715814                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1214369                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5506935                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                63193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                952969                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                201864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            6577383                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             15293316                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7250470                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            31909                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2692528                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 3884855                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           249                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1770016                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              977416                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              67949                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3730                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3786                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5253511                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3833                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3915215                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3019768                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6133877                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3833                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30474659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.128474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.642432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28774067     94.42%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             728905      2.39%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             369080      1.21%     98.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             249163      0.82%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             202379      0.66%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              63111      0.21%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              54255      0.18%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              19532      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14167      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30474659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8876     66.06%     66.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  887      6.60%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3310     24.63%     97.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  206      1.53%     98.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              115      0.86%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              43      0.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13612      0.35%      0.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3207304     81.92%     82.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1187      0.03%     82.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8421      0.22%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11828      0.30%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              619937     15.83%     98.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              50518      1.29%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2293      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           115      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3915215                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.128222                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13437                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003432                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38294694                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          8249893                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3773427                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              29782                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             27228                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13010                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3899756                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  15284                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4332                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       560831                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        43922                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           36                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1202                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 47473                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26161009                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               245546                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5257344                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               977416                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               67949                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1415                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 12104                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                49248                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         25758                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        27294                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               53052                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3855376                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               599430                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            59839                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      646654                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  489692                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     47224                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.126262                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3798565                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3786437                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2684848                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4416074                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.124004                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.607972                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3020296                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            47470                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30047835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.074467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.492848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29048639     96.67%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       460588      1.53%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       119803      0.40%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       314023      1.05%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41514      0.14%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21816      0.07%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4121      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3196      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34135      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30047835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1121322                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2237577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        440612                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       416585                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    401339                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9862                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2227680                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4250                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2983      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1778082     79.46%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            170      0.01%     79.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7342      0.33%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8388      0.37%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         415111     18.55%     98.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         24027      1.07%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1474      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2237577                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                34135                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35271573                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   10943653                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            429                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          60029                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1121322                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2237577                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.230972                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.230972                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036723                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036723                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4040232                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3255074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    22932                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11416                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2601809                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1113047                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2024444                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           221906                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             228377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           221906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.029161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          792                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2685590                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2685590                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       206061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         206061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        23139                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         23139                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       229200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          229200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       229200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         229200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       385833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       385833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          888                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          888                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       386721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        386721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       386721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       386721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33416763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33416763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34911999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34911999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33451674999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33451674999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33451674999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33451674999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       591894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       591894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        24027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       615921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       615921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       615921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       615921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.651862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036958                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036958                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.627874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.627874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.627874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.627874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86609.395775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86609.395775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39315.314189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39315.314189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86500.797730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86500.797730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86500.797730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86500.797730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13142                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              649                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.249615                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       164809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       164809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       164815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       164815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       164815                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       164815                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       221024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       221906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       221906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19069070000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19069070000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33261499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33261499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19102331499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19102331499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19102331499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19102331499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.373418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.360283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.360283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86276.015274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86276.015274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37711.450113                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37711.450113                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86082.987837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86082.987837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86082.987837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86082.987837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3882976                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3882976                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       970744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         970744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       970744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          970744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       970744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         970744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       970744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       970744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       970744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       970744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       970744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       970744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194887                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      248527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.275236                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.793054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.206946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10984                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4069                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3742855                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3742855                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2182                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2182                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               652                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   652                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         26373                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             26373                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                27025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    27025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               27025                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   27025                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             230                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 230                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194651                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194651                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194881                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194881                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24814000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      24814000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18436103000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18436103000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18460917000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18460917000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18460917000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18460917000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2182                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2182                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           882                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               882                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       221024                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        221024                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           221906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               221906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          221906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              221906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.260771                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.260771                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880678                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.880678                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.878214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.878214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.878214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.878214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107886.956522                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107886.956522                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94713.631063                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94713.631063                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94729.178319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94729.178319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94729.178319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94729.178319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  382                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       382                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          230                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            230                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194651                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194651                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22514000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22514000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16489593000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16489593000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16512107000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16512107000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16512107000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16512107000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.260771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.878214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.878214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.878214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.878214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97886.956522                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97886.956522                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84713.631063                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84713.631063                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84729.178319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84729.178319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84729.178319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84729.178319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        389755                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194882                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           194492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       584636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       584636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 584636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12496832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12496832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12496832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194881    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           461956000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1053245750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       443812                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       221907                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          559                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            221024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2564                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          414229                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              882                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             882                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       221024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       665718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                665718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14341632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14341632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194887                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     24448                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           416793                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001377                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 416220     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    572      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             416793                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          224088000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         332859000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
