
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2946597416125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              102187878                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                189146307                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              283631441                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5500578458                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10181386497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11738048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11738112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        72576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           72576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          183407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              183408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1134                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1134                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         768833656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             768837848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4753676                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4753676                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4753676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        768833656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            773591523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      183407                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1134                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    183407                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1134                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11726464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   11584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   72960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11738048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                72576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    181                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267313500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                183407                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1134                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  139602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   40618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    120.974930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.199226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.258003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47047     48.24%     48.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41425     42.48%     90.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7870      8.07%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          997      1.02%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          124      0.13%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      0.03%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           16      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           71                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2608.478873                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2543.378329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    576.883347                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      1.41%      1.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      2.82%      4.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            3      4.23%      8.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            3      4.23%     12.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            4      5.63%     18.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            3      4.23%     22.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            6      8.45%     30.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            4      5.63%     36.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            6      8.45%     45.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            6      8.45%     53.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            9     12.68%     66.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            6      8.45%     74.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            4      5.63%     80.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            5      7.04%     87.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      1.41%     88.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      1.41%     90.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            2      2.82%     92.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      1.41%     94.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            2      2.82%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            2      2.82%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            71                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           71                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.056338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.053173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.333266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               69     97.18%     97.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      2.82%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            71                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4552032000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7987519500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  916130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24843.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43593.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       768.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    768.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    85875                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     958                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 46.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82731.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                352316160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187256685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               667818480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2359440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1605565170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24609600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5203284900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       104281920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9352801395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.601728                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11682134000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9726000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    271744250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3064805250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11411208625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                344069460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182850690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               640415160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3591360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1560373860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24547680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5248921950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       103968480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9313433040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.023129                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11782045500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9617500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    270758000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2966076750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11511291875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2132526                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2132526                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           111387                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1729331                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  94851                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             14168                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1729331                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            861308                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          868023                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        45472                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1059740                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     142303                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       183037                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2237                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1669564                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7555                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1723913                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6707821                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2132526                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            956159                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28565143                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 227826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1851                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        62497                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1662009                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                17787                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30469924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.444160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.677746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27974085     91.81%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   50030      0.16%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  737909      2.42%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   62885      0.21%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  175886      0.58%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  116468      0.38%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  118672      0.39%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   50818      0.17%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1183171      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30469924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.069839                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.219679                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  949226                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27684072                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1345655                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               377058                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                113913                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11326085                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                113913                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1084766                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26267397                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         30313                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1500567                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1472968                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10801624                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                93395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1111130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                289076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2698                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           12812633                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             29364861                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        14704861                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            99859                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4555715                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 8256918                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               488                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           618                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2247302                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1772686                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             203355                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            10993                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           10616                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10070554                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              10534                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7435194                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            12572                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6288487                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12039249                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         10533                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30469924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.244017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.939124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27710918     90.95%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             972387      3.19%     94.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             557351      1.83%     95.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             386689      1.27%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             417970      1.37%     98.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             178582      0.59%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             141065      0.46%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              62838      0.21%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              42124      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30469924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  28254     74.45%     74.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     74.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     74.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 3057      8.05%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     82.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5604     14.77%     97.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  649      1.71%     98.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              361      0.95%     99.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              27      0.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            36529      0.49%      0.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6057575     81.47%     81.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3320      0.04%     82.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                28547      0.38%     82.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              37622      0.51%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1111445     14.95%     97.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             152440      2.05%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           7673      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            43      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               7435194                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.243500                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      37952                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005104                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          45296171                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         16288765                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7054579                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              94665                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             80822                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        41286                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               7387834                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  48783                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           13054                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1135002                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          379                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           13                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       119137                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          113                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1328                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                113913                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23663777                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               290322                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10081088                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7303                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1772686                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              203355                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3827                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 23433                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                77844                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            13                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         55969                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        74953                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              130922                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7256512                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1058989                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           178682                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1201258                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  832424                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    142269                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.237648                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       7132618                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      7095865                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  5251588                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  8474330                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.232387                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.619705                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6289549                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           113905                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29553587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.128330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.706748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28074767     95.00%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       628185      2.13%     97.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       174626      0.59%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       406772      1.38%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        88231      0.30%     99.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        53891      0.18%     99.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16658      0.06%     99.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11135      0.04%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        99322      0.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29553587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1898636                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3792601                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        721902                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       637684                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    615749                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     33658                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3758621                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               14829                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        10109      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3006808     79.28%     79.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            593      0.02%     79.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           24425      0.64%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         28764      0.76%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         632790     16.68%     97.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         84218      2.22%     99.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4894      0.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3792601                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                99322                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    39536415                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21084683                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            530                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          64764                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1898636                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3792601                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             16.082434                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       16.082434                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.062180                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.062180                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 7916930                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6145729                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    72707                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   36354                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4286664                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2002015                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3591683                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           279728                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             629820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           279728                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.251544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          864                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4766268                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4766268                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       535124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         535124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        83048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         83048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       618172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          618172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       618172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         618172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       502293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       502293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       503463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        503463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       503463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       503463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34597109000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34597109000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     89635500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89635500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34686744500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34686744500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34686744500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34686744500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1037417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1037417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        84218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        84218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1121635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1121635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1121635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1121635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.484177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.484177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.448865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.448865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.448865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.448865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68878.341924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68878.341924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76611.538462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76611.538462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68896.313135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68896.313135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68896.313135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68896.313135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        31507                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1077                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.254410                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       223718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       223718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       223735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       223735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       223735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       223735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       278575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       278575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       279728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       279728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       279728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       279728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18827446500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18827446500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     86611500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86611500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18914058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18914058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18914058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18914058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.268528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.268528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013691                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013691                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.249393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.249393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67584.838912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67584.838912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75118.386817                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75118.386817                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67615.891151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67615.891151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67615.891151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67615.891151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  5                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                    5                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6648037                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6648037                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1662008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1662008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1662008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1662008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1662008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1662008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       114000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       114000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       114000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       114000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       114000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       114000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1662009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1662009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1662009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1662009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1662009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1662009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       114000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       114000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       114000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       114000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       114000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       114000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    183436                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      373721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    183436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.037337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.727099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.012683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16372.260219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          906                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9697                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5634                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4657660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4657660                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2811                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2811                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               346                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   346                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         95976                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             95976                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                96322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    96322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               96322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   96322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             807                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 807                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       182599                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          182599                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             183406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 183407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            183406                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                183407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     81075500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      81075500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       111500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17363669500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17363669500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17444745000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17444856500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17444745000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17444856500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2811                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2811                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       278575                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        278575                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           279728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               279729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          279728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              279729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.699913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.699913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.655475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.655475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.655658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.655660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.655658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.655660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100465.303594                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100465.303594                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       111500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95091.810470                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95091.810470                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95115.454238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95115.543572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95115.454238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95115.543572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1134                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1134                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           30                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            30                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          807                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            807                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       182599                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       182599                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        183406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            183407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           183407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     73005500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73005500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       101500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15537679500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15537679500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15610685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15610786500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15610685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15610786500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.699913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.655475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.655658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.655660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.655658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.655660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90465.303594                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90465.303594                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       101500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85091.810470                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85091.810470                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85115.454238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85115.543572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85115.454238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85115.543572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        366810                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       183410                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             182600                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1134                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           182269                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               807                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              807                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        182600                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       550217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       550217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 550217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11810624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11810624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11810624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            183407                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  183407    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              183407                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           432679000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          994445250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       559458                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       279729                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          333                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             63                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           56                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            278576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3945                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          459219                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       278575                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       839184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                839187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18082496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               18082624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          183436                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     72576                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           463165                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000870                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029993                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 462769     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    389      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             463165                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          282541000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         419592000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
