
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2427507715875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               18403357                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 33830666                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53980917                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   282.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5204994305                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9568277706                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1202816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1203008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1016704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1016704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           18794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               18797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         15886                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              15886                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          78783578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              78796154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        66593377                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             66593377                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        66593377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         78783578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            145389531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       18797                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      15886                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     18797                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    15886                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1202944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1017024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1203008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1016704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15269263000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 18797                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                15886                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   17046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        24486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.652291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.522805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    53.447804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17536     71.62%     71.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5051     20.63%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1098      4.48%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          495      2.02%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          174      0.71%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           70      0.29%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           34      0.14%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           14      0.06%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            9      0.04%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            5      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        24486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.436957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.300496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.392485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            87      9.46%      9.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           267     29.02%     38.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           285     30.98%     69.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           183     19.89%     89.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            71      7.72%     97.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27            23      2.50%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             3      0.33%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.272826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.241672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.031875                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              347     37.72%     37.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               25      2.72%     40.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              499     54.24%     94.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               48      5.22%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    524600250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               877025250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   93980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27910.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46660.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        78.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        66.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     78.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     66.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6693                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3503                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     440252.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 88978680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 47274315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                67615800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               41953140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1217601840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1000350570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             30233760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4560585390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1120447200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         35850180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8210979525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            537.813221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12994937000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     20058000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     515270000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     75547500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2918177000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1737010500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10001281125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 85887060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 45650055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                66587640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               40997880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1217601840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            989185410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             30161760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4548210120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1133294880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         41359560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8199190605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            537.041056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13018937750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     20247750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     515270000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     93528500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2951498250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1712888625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9973911000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13163295                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13163295                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1363764                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10969342                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1058933                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            186166                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10969342                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2646408                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8322934                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       901015                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6912368                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2297618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        84474                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        18982                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6494128                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2621                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7321232                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56140254                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13163295                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3705341                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21831777                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2729762                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        21                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 936                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        15215                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6491507                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               314359                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.011656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.672535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12213185     40.00%     40.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  522550      1.71%     41.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  907635      2.97%     44.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1326145      4.34%     49.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  599860      1.96%     50.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1155013      3.78%     54.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  992110      3.25%     58.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  491764      1.61%     59.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12325800     40.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.431093                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.838573                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5518267                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8560419                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13608978                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1481517                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1364881                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109566330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1364881                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6597172                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7054955                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        250838                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13796433                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1469783                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102478228                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                34379                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                843009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   370                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                382258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115300970                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            254503834                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139239579                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19635969                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48007927                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67293067                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             31202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         33748                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3591973                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9419703                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3191943                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           151457                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          161637                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  88988219                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             204951                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70637983                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           670502                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47779779                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69439613                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        204842                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.313416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.584630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13330295     43.66%     43.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2242269      7.34%     51.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2788171      9.13%     60.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2330658      7.63%     67.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2347692      7.69%     75.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2233186      7.31%     82.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2614164      8.56%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1595300      5.22%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1052327      3.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1409075     92.58%     92.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                80695      5.30%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5036      0.33%     98.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2506      0.16%     98.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            24207      1.59%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             534      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1863535      2.64%      2.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53614906     75.90%     78.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3009      0.00%     78.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                71007      0.10%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5053527      7.15%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5073308      7.18%     92.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2496775      3.53%     96.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2460122      3.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1794      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70637983                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.313368                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1522053                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021547                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158563643                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118692421                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59571381                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15438942                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          18280774                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6855204                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62571104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7725397                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          218005                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5727608                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3836                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1549986                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3205                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           21                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1364881                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6175822                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                10101                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89193170                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50613                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9419703                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3191943                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             84868                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5697                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2564                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        406784                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1305455                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1712239                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67605681                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6875318                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3032304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9172327                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6207279                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2297009                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.214062                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      66982185                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66426585                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49237616                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87802272                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.175447                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.560778                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47779969                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1364723                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23272493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.779500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.398616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10778096     46.31%     46.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3044510     13.08%     59.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3482752     14.97%     74.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1857387      7.98%     82.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       940422      4.04%     86.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       774878      3.33%     89.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       320680      1.38%     91.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       319078      1.37%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1754690      7.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23272493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18778559                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41413399                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5334052                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3692095                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4319292                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3175710                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38709380                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              370611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       713230      1.72%      1.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32928168     79.51%     81.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1690      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           46433      0.11%     81.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2389826      5.77%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2916707      7.04%     94.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1641957      3.96%     98.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       775388      1.87%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41413399                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1754690                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110711171                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  185787248                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             90                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            626                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18778559                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41413399                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.626040                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.626040                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.614991                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.614991                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86301074                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               50937878                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10834977                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6464895                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36155875                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17810493                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21829606                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            21288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             523261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            21288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.580092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          758                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33044728                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33044728                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6582569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6582569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1632202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1632202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8214771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8214771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8214771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8214771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        31150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        31150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         9939                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9939                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        41089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         41089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        41089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        41089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2338517000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2338517000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    939031499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    939031499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3277548499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3277548499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3277548499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3277548499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6613719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6613719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1642141                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1642141                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8255860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8255860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8255860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8255860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75072.776886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75072.776886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94479.474696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94479.474696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79767.054418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79767.054418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79767.054418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79767.054418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          231                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            16289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19780                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19780                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1009631500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1009631500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    889398500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    889398500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1899030000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1899030000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1899030000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1899030000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005746                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005746                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85035.921839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85035.921839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94255.881730                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94255.881730                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89118.682247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89118.682247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89118.682247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89118.682247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1011                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.660007                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             129134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           127.728981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.660007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         25967061                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        25967061                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6490450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6490450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6490450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6490450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6490450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6490450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13624500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13624500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13624500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13624500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13624500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13624500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6491507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6491507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6491507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6491507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6491507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6491507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12889.782403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12889.782403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12889.782403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12889.782403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12889.782403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12889.782403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1011                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1011                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12464500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12464500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12464500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12464500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12464500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12464500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12066.311713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12066.311713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12066.311713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12066.311713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12066.311713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12066.311713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18801                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       20485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.089570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       18.614056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        13.493652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16351.892293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4662                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    375305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   375305                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16289                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            16289                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1011                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1011                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1008                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1008                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2437                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2437                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1008                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9359                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9359                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9435                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9435                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              18794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  18797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             18794                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 18797                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    874388500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     874388500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       284000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       284000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    965625500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    965625500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       284000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1840014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1840298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       284000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1840014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1840298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16289                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16289                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1011                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1011                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9416                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9416                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1011                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1011                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        11872                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         11872                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            21288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                22299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           21288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               22299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.285714                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993946                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.993946                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002967                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002967                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.794727                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.794727                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.002967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.882845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.842953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.002967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.882845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.842953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93427.556363                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93427.556363                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94666.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94666.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102345.045045                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102345.045045                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97904.331170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97903.814438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97904.331170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97903.814438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15886                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15886                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9359                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9359                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9435                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         9435                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         18794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             18797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            18797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       121000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       121000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    780798500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    780798500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       254000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       254000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    871275500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    871275500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1652074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1652328000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1652074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1652328000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.794727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.794727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.842953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.842953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20166.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20166.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83427.556363                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83427.556363                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84666.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84666.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92345.045045                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92345.045045                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87904.331170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87903.814438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87904.331170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87903.814438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         37597                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18803                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9438                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9438                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        56394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        56394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  56394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2219712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2219712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2219712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             18803                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   18803    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               18803                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           105769500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          101943250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        44641                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        22301                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           99                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             12905                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        32175                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7914                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              21                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             21                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9416                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9416                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1033                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        63906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 66961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       129408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2404928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2534336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18823                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1018112                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            41143                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002625                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051168                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  41035     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    108      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              41143                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           39620500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1549500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          31942999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
