
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2717587254250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               50761428                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 93913740                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              141741126                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   107.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5467657412                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10115717223                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10437888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10438080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       123904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          123904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          163092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              163095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         683674116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             683686692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         8115622                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              8115622                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         8115622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        683674116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            691802314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      163095                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1936                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    163095                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1936                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10419520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   18560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  124352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10438080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               123904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    290                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              8835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             8871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267353000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                163095                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1936                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  126925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   33522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        93593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    112.655263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.577660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.301533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        50843     54.32%     54.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36004     38.47%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5855      6.26%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          724      0.77%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           95      0.10%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           16      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        93593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          121                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1349.314050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1306.578295                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    334.760811                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.83%      0.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            4      3.31%      4.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      3.31%      7.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           10      8.26%     15.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           18     14.88%     30.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           17     14.05%     44.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407           17     14.05%     58.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535           11      9.09%     67.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663           18     14.88%     82.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791           10      8.26%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            5      4.13%     95.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            2      1.65%     96.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            3      2.48%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.83%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           121                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          121                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.057851                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.054834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.323973                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              117     96.69%     96.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.83%     97.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      2.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           121                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4178530000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7231123750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  814025000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25665.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44415.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       682.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         8.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    683.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      8.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    69572                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1581                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 42.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      92512.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    43.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                353065860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187651365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               618352560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                6352740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1560207990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24961440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5240841630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       110498880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9307241505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            609.617588                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11781419125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    287922750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2966282750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11493528625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                315202440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                167534070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               544075140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3789720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1401318780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24946080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5347145490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       154796640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9164117400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            600.243063                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12129089875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10032000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    403121000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2617448750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11726882375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2659182                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2659182                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           156864                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2194613                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 148393                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             21076                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2194613                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1023730                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1170883                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        76123                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1425818                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     245600                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       234405                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         4074                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1988624                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         9749                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2069044                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       8838575                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2659182                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1172123                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28174404                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 320160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2301                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        77719                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1978875                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                31205                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30485473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.585458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.913838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27284245     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   77262      0.25%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  802850      2.63%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  111515      0.37%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  228214      0.75%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  168586      0.55%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  174611      0.57%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   78524      0.26%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1559666      5.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30485473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.087087                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.289460                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1223748                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             26800852                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1829962                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               470831                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                160080                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              15337334                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                160080                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1410860                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25260372                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         43957                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2016815                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1593389                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              14608683                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                99127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1299362                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                174207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  5097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           17330659                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             39199528                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        20369571                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           167330                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              6716006                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                10614653                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               646                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           879                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2652676                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2215790                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             352679                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            15051                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15354                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  13450802                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              19957                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10310624                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            24895                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7937029                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14268573                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         19956                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30485473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.338214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.119591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26835176     88.03%     88.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1216790      3.99%     92.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             721030      2.37%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             522818      1.71%     96.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             513198      1.68%     97.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             277741      0.91%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             220125      0.72%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             107687      0.35%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              70908      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30485473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  50659     75.34%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 5314      7.90%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     83.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  9535     14.18%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1141      1.70%     99.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              573      0.85%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              19      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            60051      0.58%      0.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              8343581     80.92%     81.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                6013      0.06%     81.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                52877      0.51%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              66602      0.65%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1504593     14.59%     97.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             263818      2.56%     99.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          13040      0.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            49      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10310624                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.337669                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      67241                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006522                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51032883                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         21276620                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9727454                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             165974                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            131180                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        74129                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10232217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  85597                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           23221                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1360936                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          772                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       198181                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          219                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1490                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                160080                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               22264676                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               293136                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           13470759                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            10122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2215790                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              352679                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              7089                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 27706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                47059                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         69143                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120404                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              189547                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10026485                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1424549                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           284139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1670088                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1149737                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    245539                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.328364                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       9864637                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      9801583                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7205508                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11992871                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.320998                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.600816                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7937872                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           160073                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29313590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.188777                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.874562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27254162     92.97%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       828553      2.83%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       268875      0.92%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       550502      1.88%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       114279      0.39%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80566      0.27%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        28577      0.10%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        20095      0.07%     99.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       167981      0.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29313590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2780410                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               5533730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1009352                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       854854                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    836601                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     62772                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  5470568                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               27304                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        18941      0.34%      0.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         4404569     79.59%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1092      0.02%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           46280      0.84%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         53496      0.97%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         845578     15.28%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        154498      2.79%     99.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         9276      0.17%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          5533730                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               167981                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42617211                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   28122711                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            502                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          49215                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2780410                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      5533730                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             10.982081                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       10.982081                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.091057                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.091057                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                11677953                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8457327                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   129636                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   64847                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  5989793                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2939015                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4753029                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           343960                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             929856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           343960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.703384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          848                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6512860                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6512860                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       778267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         778267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       152807                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        152807                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       931074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          931074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       931074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         931074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       609460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       609460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1691                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1691                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       611151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        611151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       611151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       611151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33116477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33116477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    157366500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157366500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33273843500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33273843500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33273843500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33273843500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1387727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1387727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       154498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       154498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1542225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1542225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1542225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1542225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.439179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.439179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.396279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.396279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.396279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.396279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54337.408526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54337.408526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93061.206387                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93061.206387                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54444.553801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54444.553801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54444.553801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54444.553801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        37012                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1182                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.313029                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       267166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       267166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       267191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       267191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       267191                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       267191                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       342294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       342294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       343960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       343960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       343960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       343960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17955667000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17955667000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    153364500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153364500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18109031500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18109031500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18109031500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18109031500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.246658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010783                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010783                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.223028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.223028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52456.855802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52456.855802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92055.522209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92055.522209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52648.655367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52648.655367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52648.655367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52648.655367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 94                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            31.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          7915503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         7915503                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1978872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1978872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1978872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1978872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1978872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1978872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       300500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       300500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       300500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       300500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       300500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       300500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1978875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1978875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1978875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1978875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1978875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1978875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       297500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       297500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       297500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       297500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       297500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       297500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    163159                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      539071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    163159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.303961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        9.861780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.182655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16373.955565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1002                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5666567                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5666567                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4623                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4623                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        180658                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            180658                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               180868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   180868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              180868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  180868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1456                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1456                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       161636                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          161636                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             163092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 163095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            163092                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                163095                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    148575500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     148575500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       293000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       293000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15487509000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  15487509000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       293000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15636084500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      15636377500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       293000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15636084500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     15636377500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4623                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4623                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1666                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1666                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       342294                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        342294                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           343960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               343963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          343960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              343963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.873950                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.873950                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.472214                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.472214                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.474160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.474164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.474160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.474164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102043.612637                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102043.612637                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97666.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97666.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95817.200376                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95817.200376                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95872.786525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95872.819522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95872.786525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95872.819522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1936                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1936                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           82                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            82                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1456                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1456                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       161636                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       161636                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        163092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            163095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       163092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           163095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    134015500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134015500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       263000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       263000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13871149000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13871149000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14005164500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14005427500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       263000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14005164500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14005427500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.873950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.873950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.472214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.472214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.474160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.474164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.474160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.474164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92043.612637                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92043.612637                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87666.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87666.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85817.200376                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85817.200376                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85872.786525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85872.819522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85872.786525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85872.819522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        326187                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       163092                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             161639                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1936                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           161156                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1456                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1456                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        161639                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       489282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       489282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 489282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     10561984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     10561984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10561984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            163095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  163095    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              163095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           387122000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          887762250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       687926                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       343963                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           74                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            148                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          141                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            342297                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6559                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          500560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1666                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1666                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       342294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1031880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1031889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22309312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               22309696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          163159                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    123904                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           507122                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.021885                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 506900     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    215      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             507122                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          348589000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         515940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
