
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3022934136750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              108807062                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                201424045                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              301499713                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    50.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5509770829                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10199710329                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11768896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11768960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        67968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           67968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          183889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              183890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1062                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1062                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         770854178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             770858370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4451855                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4451855                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4451855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        770854178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            775310224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      183891                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1062                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    183891                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1062                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11759936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    9088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   67328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11769024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                67968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    142                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267419000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                183891                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1062                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  140891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   40220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    122.060460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.084582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.656316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46024     47.50%     47.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41646     42.98%     90.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7985      8.24%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1058      1.09%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          115      0.12%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           65                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2809.846154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2676.676495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    881.347711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            2      3.08%      3.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            5      7.69%     10.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            7     10.77%     21.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            8     12.31%     33.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            5      7.69%     41.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            7     10.77%     52.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            7     10.77%     63.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            8     12.31%     75.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            6      9.23%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      3.08%     87.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      1.54%     89.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      4.62%     93.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.54%     95.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      1.54%     96.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      1.54%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      1.54%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            65                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           65                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.184615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.174906                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.583425                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               59     90.77%     90.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      9.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            65                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4561755500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8007049250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  918745000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24826.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43576.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       770.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    770.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    87020                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     884                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82547.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                358385160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                190486230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               678364260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                4969440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1633963710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24702720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5184326130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        96239520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9376746210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.170096                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11620222125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9672000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    250785500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3127590000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11369436625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                333452280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                177215115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               633596460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 522000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1535216340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24640800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5234939850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       136835040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9281112285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            607.906143                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11836478375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9732000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    356350500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2910748750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11480912875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1865501                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1865501                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            95669                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1499207                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  84133                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12040                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1499207                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            749631                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          749576                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        40315                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     958512                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     122704                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       175018                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1960                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1459094                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6963                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1505874                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5884158                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1865501                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            833764                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28801494                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 195802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1560                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        58847                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1452132                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                15256                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     13                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30469278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.389582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.575117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28274943     92.80%     92.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   38605      0.13%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  650797      2.14%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   57723      0.19%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  155868      0.51%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  107981      0.35%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  114471      0.38%     96.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   44409      0.15%     96.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1024481      3.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30469278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.061094                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.192704                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  814525                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28055626                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1145150                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               356076                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 97901                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9959431                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 97901                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  939644                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26680492                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         24299                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1294526                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1432416                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9508974                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                90645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1096805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                261605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11317107                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25893575                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12956914                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            90076                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4235476                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7081630                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               370                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           479                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2166465                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1559930                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             173335                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             9214                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7503                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8882227                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8723                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6644454                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            13339                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5382789                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10220779                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8723                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30469278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.218071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.882749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27936232     91.69%     91.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             934095      3.07%     94.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             516841      1.70%     96.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             363044      1.19%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             351424      1.15%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             152084      0.50%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             124045      0.41%     99.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              54945      0.18%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              36568      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30469278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  25358     71.99%     71.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2637      7.49%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  6173     17.52%     97.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  583      1.66%     98.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              444      1.26%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              30      0.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            32998      0.50%      0.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5406196     81.36%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2678      0.04%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                25591      0.39%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              33663      0.51%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1004297     15.11%     97.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             131261      1.98%     99.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           7700      0.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            70      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6644454                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.217603                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      35225                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43720366                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14198850                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6313033                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              86386                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             74900                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        37620                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6602133                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  44548                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           11920                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       969660                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          324                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98259                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           98                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1271                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 97901                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24148877                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               282367                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8890950                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6306                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1559930                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              173335                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3144                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21521                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                68931                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         45817                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67017                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              112834                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6490217                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               957868                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           154239                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1080549                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  759748                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    122681                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.212552                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6383218                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6350653                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4647685                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7622541                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.207982                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609729                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5383680                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            97893                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29685534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.118177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.669948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28284904     95.28%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       601814      2.03%     97.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       171945      0.58%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       395887      1.33%     99.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        74555      0.25%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        46408      0.16%     99.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12929      0.04%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9777      0.03%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        87315      0.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29685534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1760414                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3508158                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        665344                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       590268                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    569692                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     31248                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3477229                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               13275                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         9185      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2784199     79.36%     79.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            531      0.02%     79.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           22403      0.64%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         26496      0.76%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         585516     16.69%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         75076      2.14%     99.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4752      0.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3508158                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                87315                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38490057                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18570902                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            529                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          65410                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1760414                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3508158                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             17.345174                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       17.345174                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.057653                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.057653                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 7171398                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5489328                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    65664                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   32848                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3981224                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1857569                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3210860                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           270552                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             547557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           270552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.023851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          839                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4324292                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4324292                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       458578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         458578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        73970                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         73970                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       532548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          532548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       532548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         532548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       479781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       479781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       480887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        480887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       480887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       480887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34020522500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34020522500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     78831499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78831499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34099353999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34099353999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34099353999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34099353999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       938359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       938359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        75076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1013435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1013435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1013435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1013435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.511298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.511298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.474512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.474512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.474512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.474512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70908.440518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70908.440518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71276.219711                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71276.219711                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70909.286379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70909.286379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70909.286379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70909.286379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26739                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.795218                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       210320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       210320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       210335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       210335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       210335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       210335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       269461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       269461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1091                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1091                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       270552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       270552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       270552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       270552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18769454000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18769454000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     76277000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76277000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18845731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18845731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18845731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18845731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.287162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014532                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014532                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.266965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.266965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69655.549412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69655.549412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69914.757104                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69914.757104                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69656.594666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69656.594666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69656.594666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69656.594666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 43                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   43                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5808529                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5808529                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1452131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1452131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1452131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1452131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1452131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1452131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1452132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1452132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1452132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1452132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1452132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1452132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    183920                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      373700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    183920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.031862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.822079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.051563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16372.126358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1094                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4928                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4511488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4511488                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2568                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2568                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               385                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   385                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         86278                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             86278                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                86663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    86663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               86663                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   86663                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       183184                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          183184                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             183890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 183891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            183890                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                183891                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     70432500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      70432500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       103500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17422474500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17422474500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17492907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17493010500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17492907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17493010500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2568                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2568                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1091                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1091                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       269462                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        269462                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           270553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               270554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          270553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              270554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.647113                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.647113                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.679814                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.679814                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.679682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.679683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.679682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.679683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99762.747875                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99762.747875                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95109.149817                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95109.149817                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95127.016151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95127.061683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95127.016151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95127.061683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1062                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1062                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           15                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            15                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183184                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       183184                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        183890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            183891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           183891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     63372500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63372500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15590644500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15590644500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15654017000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15654110500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15654017000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15654110500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.647113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.647113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.679814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.679682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.679683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.679682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.679683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89762.747875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89762.747875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85109.204406                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85109.204406                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85127.070531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85127.116063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85127.070531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85127.116063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        367772                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       183891                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             183184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           182819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        183185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       551662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       551662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 551662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11836928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11836928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11836928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            183891                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  183891    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              183891                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           435316500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          996604500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       541107                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       270554                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          310                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             54                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           46                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            269462                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3630                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          450842                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       269462                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       811657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                811660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17479680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17479808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          183920                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     67968                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           454474                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000821                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 454109     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    357      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      8      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             454474                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          273122500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         405828000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
