
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               656495797375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               33637617                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 63614434                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              361630432                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    42.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1420115201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2685679031                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12543424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12548928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1031104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1031104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          195991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16111                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16111                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            360508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         821585202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             821945710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       360508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           360508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        67536566                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             67536566                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        67536566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           360508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        821585202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            889482276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196078                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16111                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196078                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16111                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12547584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1030592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12548992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1031104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267341500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196078                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16111                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  178660                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   17205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        21294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    637.649667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   449.114510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   384.029375                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3206     15.06%     15.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1847      8.67%     23.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1486      6.98%     30.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1489      6.99%     37.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1716      8.06%     45.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1205      5.66%     51.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          985      4.63%     56.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          669      3.14%     59.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8691     40.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        21294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     253.577268                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    115.560097                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   3590.523786                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         1002     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.054835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.051422                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.346041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              977     97.41%     97.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.20%     97.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               19      1.89%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                5      0.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2256710250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5932760250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  980280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11510.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30260.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       821.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        67.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    821.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     67.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   177677                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   13186                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      71951.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 77697480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 41282010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               694607760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               44302140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1110654480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1597763010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             45282720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3619595760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       582035040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        601767480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8415579870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            551.214396                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11644230500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     51484750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     470654000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2190816750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1515680500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3100974875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7937733250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 74355960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 39528720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               705232080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               39755520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1070088240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1587902010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             44106720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3465896970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       554906400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        699467340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8281454160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            542.429259                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11637538750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     49504750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     453446000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2624044625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1445064250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3094442250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7600842250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                 273266                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted           273266                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6731                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              272457                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                    247                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                55                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         272457                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            263068                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses            9389                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          445                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     641966                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     584486                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        20984                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          340                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      17920                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           35                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             23276                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       2837300                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                     273266                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            263315                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30498820                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  30                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          169                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    17890                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  165                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30529080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.142629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.981715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29800333     97.61%     97.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   46919      0.15%     97.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   48234      0.16%     97.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   46338      0.15%     98.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   52530      0.17%     98.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   78419      0.26%     98.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   46777      0.15%     98.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   87189      0.29%     98.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  322341      1.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30529080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.008949                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.092921                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  160964                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29841529                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                    97837                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               421971                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6779                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               4123660                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6779                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  275164                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27892220                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles            34                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   354608                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2000275                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               4087250                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1678688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                432025                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            5132110                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             10271907                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         6661678                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            17511                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4197711                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  934444                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 5                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             6                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2595786                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              734146                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             663931                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            64913                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          153891                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   4053319                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 31                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3715585                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              194                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         687130                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1333294                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            29                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30529080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.121706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.514416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28307911     92.72%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1292433      4.23%     96.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             609125      2.00%     98.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             133540      0.44%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             153504      0.50%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              17839      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6               3398      0.01%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7               9957      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               1373      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30529080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    324      4.04%      4.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      4.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      4.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    7      0.09%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      4.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  7652     95.45%     99.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   19      0.24%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                1      0.01%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              14      0.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             6990      0.19%      0.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              2481282     66.78%     66.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  15      0.00%     66.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    2      0.00%     66.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                333      0.01%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              642108     17.28%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             568226     15.29%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             58      0.00%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         16571      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3715585                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.121684                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       8017                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          37934404                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          4723133                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3674961                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              34057                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             17375                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        16996                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3699575                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  17037                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          112547                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       124308                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1152                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93815                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            7                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           79                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6779                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26845995                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               353085                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            4053350                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               734146                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              663931                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                13                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 41282                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               171110                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          6179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          803                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                6982                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3709649                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               641954                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             5936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1226440                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  204871                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    584486                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.121490                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3707794                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3691957                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2400251                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  3953885                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.120910                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.607061                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         687145                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              2                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6758                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30440151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.110585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.695048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29300489     96.26%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       418940      1.38%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       187608      0.62%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       111374      0.37%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       173901      0.57%     99.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       142785      0.47%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5245      0.02%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1515      0.00%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        98294      0.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30440151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2202413                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3366234                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1179926                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       609835                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    203796                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     16817                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3359691                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                  55                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6333      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2179748     64.75%     64.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             15      0.00%     64.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           212      0.01%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         609809     18.12%     83.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        553547     16.44%     99.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           26      0.00%     99.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        16544      0.49%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3366234                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                98294                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    34395236                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                    8195721                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             44                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           5608                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2202413                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3366234                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             13.864197                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       13.864197                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.072128                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.072128                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5847100                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                2895530                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    17337                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     383                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  1359765                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1784837                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1683645                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           197821                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             622224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           197821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.145389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          862                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4532949                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4532949                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        76402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       550555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        550555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       626957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          626957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       626957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         626957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       437292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       437292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        19533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        19533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       456825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        456825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       456825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       456825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  36367168500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36367168500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1674726500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1674726500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38041895000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  38041895000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38041895000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  38041895000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       513694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       513694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       570088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       570088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1083782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1083782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1083782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1083782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.851269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.851269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.034263                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034263                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.421510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.421510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.421510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.421510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83164.495349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83164.495349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85738.314647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85738.314647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83274.547146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83274.547146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83274.547146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83274.547146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3779                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               60                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    62.983333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            19437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       258660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       258660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       259003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       259003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       259003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       259003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       178632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       178632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        19190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       197822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       197822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14617701000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14617701000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1605815000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1605815000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16223516000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16223516000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16223516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16223516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.347740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033661                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033661                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.182529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.182529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.182529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.182529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81831.368400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81831.368400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83679.781136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83679.781136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82010.676265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82010.676265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82010.676265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82010.676265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               92                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           45332836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               92                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         492748.217391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses            71652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses           71652                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        17779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          17779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        17779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           17779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        17779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          17779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        17890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        17890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        17890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        17890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        17890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        17890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101945.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101945.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101945.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101945.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101945.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101945.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9554000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9554000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9554000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9554000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9554000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9554000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103847.826087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103847.826087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103847.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103847.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103847.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103847.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196168                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      199670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.017852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        7.825301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         7.479422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16368.695277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11675                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3362768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3362768                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        19437                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            19437                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           92                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               92                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              1502                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1502                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              4                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  4                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           328                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               328                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1830                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1834                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           17995                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               17995                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           86                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               86                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       177997                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          177997                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             195992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                86                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            195992                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196078                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1605467000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1605467000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9369500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      9369500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14301925500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  14301925500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9369500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15907392500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      15916762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9369500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15907392500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     15916762000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        19437                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19437                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           92                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           92                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         19497                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             19497                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           90                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             90                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       178325                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        178325                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               90                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           197822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               197912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              90                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          197822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              197912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.922963                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.922963                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998161                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998161                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.990749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.990733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.990749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.990733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89217.393720                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89217.393720                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108947.674419                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108947.674419                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80349.250268                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80349.250268                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108947.674419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81163.478611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81175.664786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108947.674419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81163.478611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81175.664786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16111                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16111                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17995                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          17995                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           86                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           86                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       177997                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       177997                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        195992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1425527000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1425527000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8509500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8509500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12521955500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12521955500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8509500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13947482500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13955992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8509500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13947482500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13955992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.922963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.922963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.990733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.990733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79217.949430                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79217.949430                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98947.674419                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98947.674419                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70349.250268                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70349.250268                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98947.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71163.529634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71175.715787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98947.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71163.529634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71175.715787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        392157                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196079                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             178083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           179968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             17995                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            17994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        178083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       588234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       588234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 588234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13580032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     13580032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                13580032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196078    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           481408500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1035434000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       395827                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197913                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             91                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           91                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            178417                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        35548                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           92                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          358441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            19497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           19496                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            92                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       178325                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       593464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                593738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        11648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               13916160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196170                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1031232                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           394082                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000236                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.015360                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 393989     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     93      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             394082                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          217442500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            138000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         296731500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
