
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10824546984625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               64270141                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                120250658                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              155713382                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    98.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6301539301                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11790302423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10004864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10025088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9910528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9910528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154852                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154852                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1324657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         655311357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656636015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1324657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1324657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649132417                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649132417                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649132417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1324657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        655311357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1305768432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156641                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154852                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156641                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154852                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10025088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9910272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10025024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9910528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267366000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156641                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154852                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    731.253173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   570.842413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   359.277328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2001      7.34%      7.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2383      8.74%     16.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1861      6.83%     22.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1693      6.21%     29.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1291      4.74%     33.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1557      5.71%     39.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1245      4.57%     44.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1541      5.65%     49.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13690     50.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.194479                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.133122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.836317                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             36      0.37%      0.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            76      0.79%      1.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9359     96.76%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           138      1.43%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            28      0.29%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            11      0.11%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.196938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9644     99.70%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               11      0.11%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                6      0.06%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                4      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2878195250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5815232750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  783210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18374.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37124.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143175                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141053                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49013.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98267820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52230585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561382500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404513460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         744943680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1497828330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             60298560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2093924640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       312941280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1585222740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7411616445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.455518                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11825338500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     39781000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     315666000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6418579000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    814984250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3086536750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4591797125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96382860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51228705                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557041380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403824420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         745558320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1506395430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64457760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2060844690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       330029280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1585396980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7401159825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.770617                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11742666250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46134750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316028000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6417143375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    859431250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3109179000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4519427750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1285983                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1285983                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5853                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1278839                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3543                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               728                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1278839                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1246259                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32580                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4127                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     413274                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1274068                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          734                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2649                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      46581                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          200                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             70250                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5691908                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1285983                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1249802                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30429636                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          759                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    46457                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1736                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.378694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.639446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28784306     94.35%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   47740      0.16%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   50383      0.17%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  279555      0.92%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   30697      0.10%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8181      0.03%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8607      0.03%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   28879      0.09%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1268514      4.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042115                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.186408                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  398456                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28653806                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   671488                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               777013                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6099                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11494254                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6099                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  679972                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 227135                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13104                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1166020                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28414532                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11464686                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4860                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28116882                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14696863                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24133269                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13198767                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           296958                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14463388                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  233475                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           160                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4821037                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              422570                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1280973                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20750                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           16322                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11411718                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                698                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11356880                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1774                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         152539                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       221784                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           588                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.372273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.258383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27447531     89.97%     89.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             483753      1.59%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             537765      1.76%     93.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             351454      1.15%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             299689      0.98%     95.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1023993      3.36%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             142895      0.47%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             191112      0.63%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              28670      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  89479     95.29%     95.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     95.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     95.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  412      0.44%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   804      0.86%     96.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  192      0.20%     96.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2833      3.02%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             181      0.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4026      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9581643     84.37%     84.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  90      0.00%     84.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  261      0.00%     84.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              79839      0.70%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              369553      3.25%     88.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1237191     10.89%     99.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46149      0.41%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38128      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11356880                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.371934                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      93901                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008268                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52949064                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11364858                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11156474                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             367233                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            200284                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       180090                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11261466                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 185289                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2004                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21204                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          196                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11476                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          525                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6099                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  51249                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               142121                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11412416                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              800                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               422570                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1280973                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               320                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   363                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               141576                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           196                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1630                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5698                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7328                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11343357                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               413110                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            13523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1687160                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1262342                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1274050                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.371491                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11339358                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11336564                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8292354                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11499186                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.371268                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.721125                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         152705                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             5958                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30482348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.369390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.292021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27525087     90.30%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       356286      1.17%     91.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323187      1.06%     92.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1113788      3.65%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63883      0.21%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       645410      2.12%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        89012      0.29%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        26361      0.09%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       339334      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30482348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5529856                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11259877                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1670863                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       401366                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1256372                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    176800                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11165626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2236      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9508483     84.45%     84.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78009      0.69%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         357171      3.17%     88.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1231819     10.94%     99.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44195      0.39%     99.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11259877                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               339334                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41555596                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22850158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            257                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          27826                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5529856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11259877                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.521787                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.521787                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.181101                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.181101                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13002251                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8657567                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   278028                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  141236                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6298547                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5752265                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4218290                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1598370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.220084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6875167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6875167                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       406638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         406638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1114405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1114405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1521043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1521043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1521043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1521043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    322525500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    322525500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13987072000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13987072000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14309597500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14309597500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14309597500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14309597500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       410186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       410186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1269507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1269507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1679693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1679693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1679693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1679693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122175                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.122175                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.094452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.094452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90903.466742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90903.466742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90179.830047                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90179.830047                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90196.013237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90196.013237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90196.013237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90196.013237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13528                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          207                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              153                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    88.418301                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   103.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    134878500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134878500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13831237500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13831237500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13966116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13966116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13966116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13966116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122169                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122169                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103355.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103355.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89179.707145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89179.707145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89297.987839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89297.987839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89297.987839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89297.987839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              583                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.999220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              11343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            19.456261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.999220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          821                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           186415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          186415                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        45739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          45739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        45739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           45739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        45739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          45739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        46457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        46457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        46457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        46457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        46457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77295.264624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77295.264624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77295.264624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77295.264624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77295.264624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77295.264624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40580500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40580500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40580500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40580500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40580500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40580500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69132.027257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69132.027257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69132.027257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69132.027257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69132.027257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69132.027257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157140                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.839791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        35.228493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16293.931716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          956                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9550                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5771                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2668644                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2668644                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155444                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155444                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          582                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              582                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            267                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                267                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155066                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155066                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          316                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              316                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1259                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1259                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               316                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156325                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156641                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13598276500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13598276500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36871000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     36871000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    132377500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    132377500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36871000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13730654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13767525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13730654000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13767525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155444                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155444                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          582                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          582                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155090                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155090                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          583                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            583                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1305                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1305                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999845                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542024                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.542024                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.964751                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.964751                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.542024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.542024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87693.475681                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87693.475681                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116680.379747                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116680.379747                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105144.956315                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105144.956315                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116680.379747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87834.025268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87892.218512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116680.379747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87834.025268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87892.218512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155066                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155066                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          316                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          316                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1259                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12047616500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12047616500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33711000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33711000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    119787500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119787500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33711000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12167404000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12201115000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33711000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12167404000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12201115000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.542024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.964751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.964751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77693.475681                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77693.475681                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106680.379747                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106680.379747                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95144.956315                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95144.956315                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106680.379747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77834.025268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77892.218512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106680.379747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77834.025268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77892.218512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313126                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156499                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154852                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1633                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155066                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155066                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19935552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19935552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19935552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156641                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156641    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156641                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           933041000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823780500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313964                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156978                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          100                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            753                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          753                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1892                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3239                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155090                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155090                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           587                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1305                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       469193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19957696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20032320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157144                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9910784                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314126                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002715                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052039                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313273     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    853      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314126                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313009000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            880500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234595997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
