
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4259589010875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              119511882                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                221610401                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              324088941                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    47.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5630023551                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10439731947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12361472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12361472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        36928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           36928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           577                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                577                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         809667477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             809667477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2418757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2418757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2418757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        809667477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            812086234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193148                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        577                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193148                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      577                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12356736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   36992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12361472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                36928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     74                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267113000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193148                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  577                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.558702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.668555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.878697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42349     43.58%     43.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44212     45.50%     89.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9130      9.40%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1269      1.31%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          163      0.17%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5375.416667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5258.887460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1098.119363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      2.78%      2.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.78%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      2.78%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            2      5.56%     13.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      2.78%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      8.33%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            5     13.89%     38.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            5     13.89%     52.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            4     11.11%     63.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      5.56%     69.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            5     13.89%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.78%     86.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            2      5.56%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      2.78%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      2.78%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      2.78%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.055556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.052434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               35     97.22%     97.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.78%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4737011250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8357148750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  965370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24534.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43284.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       809.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    809.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    95998                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     493                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78808.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349745760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185913255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               695478840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2578680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1632387660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24648480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5186676240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        95462400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     664440.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9379479435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.349120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11622708750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9861500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF       467250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    248400500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3124642500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11373846375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                343983780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182839305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               683069520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 438480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1604527770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24611520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5197359750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       110143200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9352282365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.567732                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11683863250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9694750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    286998750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3062530500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11398260125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1687869                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1687869                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            76494                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1271385                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  58890                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9415                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1271385                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            706393                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          564992                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        23826                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     817579                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      71104                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       155808                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1167                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1376182                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6377                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1410999                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5057062                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1687869                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            765283                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28920362                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 157522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1534                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        56490                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1369805                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9117                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30471253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.334854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.458873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28535939     93.65%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   19883      0.07%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  657088      2.16%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   34907      0.11%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  137190      0.45%     96.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   86357      0.28%     96.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   92504      0.30%     97.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   30016      0.10%     97.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  877369      2.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30471253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.055277                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.165617                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  715547                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28401880                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   952299                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               322766                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 78761                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8361018                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 78761                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  816606                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27002416                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13048                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1093280                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1467142                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7999569                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               113615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1040025                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                382975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   635                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9537886                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             22096243                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10644448                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            53339                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3329317                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6208570                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               293                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           357                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2045018                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1410373                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             101213                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5161                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5714                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7568063                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5483                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5473300                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7239                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4798652                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9614137                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5483                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30471253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.179622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.784775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28297487     92.87%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             826210      2.71%     95.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             457939      1.50%     97.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             314171      1.03%     98.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             319241      1.05%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             107913      0.35%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              90059      0.30%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              34048      0.11%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24185      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30471253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14419     67.76%     67.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1551      7.29%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4766     22.40%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  333      1.56%     99.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              206      0.97%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               3      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            21605      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4485341     81.95%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1507      0.03%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                13527      0.25%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              19501      0.36%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              851685     15.56%     98.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              76203      1.39%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3924      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             7      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5473300                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.179249                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      21278                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003888                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41397509                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12327458                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5234490                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              48862                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             44744                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        21048                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5447779                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  25194                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            6883                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       902399                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          224                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        61554                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           65                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1303                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 78761                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24650139                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               294549                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7573546                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5535                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1410373                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              101213                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2010                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17257                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                93045                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         42764                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        45095                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               87859                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5369385                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               817208                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           103916                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      888283                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  630562                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     71075                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.175845                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5276831                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5255538                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3872932                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6180249                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.172117                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.626663                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4799599                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            78759                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29781797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.093174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.578093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28619124     96.10%     96.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       526161      1.77%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       128490      0.43%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       336136      1.13%     99.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65789      0.22%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        36388      0.12%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6855      0.02%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5715      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        57139      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29781797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1389866                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2774892                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        547631                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       507972                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    483293                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     15786                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2758910                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6975                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4768      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2197175     79.18%     79.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            279      0.01%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           11539      0.42%     79.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         13500      0.49%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         505686     18.22%     98.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         39659      1.43%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2286      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2774892                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                57139                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37299149                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15840281                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            505                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          63435                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1389866                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2774892                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             21.969519                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       21.969519                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.045518                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.045518                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5559204                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4563519                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    37481                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   18742                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3306156                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1464647                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2766937                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           251217                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             398343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           251217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.585653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          879                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3631401                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3631401                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       358058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         358058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        38579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         38579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       396637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          396637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       396637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         396637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       447329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       447329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1080                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1080                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       448409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        448409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       448409                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       448409                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34865537000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34865537000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49317498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49317498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34914854498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34914854498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34914854498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34914854498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       805387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       805387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        39659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        39659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       845046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       845046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       845046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       845046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.555421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.555421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027232                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027232                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.530633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.530633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.530633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.530633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77941.597795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77941.597795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45664.350000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45664.350000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77863.857545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77863.857545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77863.857545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77863.857545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26797                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1044                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.667625                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       197185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       197185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       197193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       197193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       197193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       197193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       250144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       250144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       251216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       251216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       251216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       251216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19293594500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19293594500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46940998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46940998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19340535498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19340535498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19340535498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19340535498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.310589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.297281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.297281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77129.951148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77129.951148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43788.244403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43788.244403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76987.673946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76987.673946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76987.673946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76987.673946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5479220                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5479220                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1369805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1369805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1369805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1369805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1369805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1369805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1369805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1369805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1369805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1369805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1369805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1369805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193156                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      306682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.587743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.808959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.191041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          996                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4210044                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4210044                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2492                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2492                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               685                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   685                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         57385                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             57385                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                58070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    58070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               58070                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   58070                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             387                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 387                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192761                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192761                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37837000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      37837000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18284693000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18284693000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18322530000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18322530000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18322530000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18322530000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2492                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2492                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1072                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1072                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       250146                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        250146                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           251218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               251218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          251218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              251218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.361007                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.361007                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.770594                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.770594                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.768846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.768846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.768846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.768846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97770.025840                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97770.025840                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94856.807134                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94856.807134                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94862.644190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94862.644190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94862.644190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94862.644190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  577                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       577                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          387                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            387                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192761                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192761                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33967000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33967000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16357093000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16357093000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16391060000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16391060000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16391060000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16391060000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.361007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.770594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.770594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.768846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.768846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.768846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.768846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87770.025840                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87770.025840                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84856.859012                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84856.859012                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84862.695964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84862.695964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84862.695964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84862.695964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        386291                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193147                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          577                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192566                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       579438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       579438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 579438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12398336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12398336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12398336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193148    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           455542500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1044220750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       502435                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       251216                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          598                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            250145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3069                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          441304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       250146                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       753652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                753652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16237376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16237376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193156                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     36928                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           444374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001379                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037176                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 443762     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    611      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             444374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          253709500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         376825500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
