
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3129805545625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               63967288                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                118436489                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              176863522                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    86.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5521829474                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10223760515                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12029824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12029824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        58560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           58560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          187966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              187966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           915                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                915                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         787944773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             787944773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3835638                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3835638                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3835638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        787944773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            791780411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      187966                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        915                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    187966                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      915                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12022400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    7424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   58624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12029824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                58560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    116                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267392000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                187966                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  915                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  142722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97798                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.517291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.269537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.388911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45417     46.44%     46.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42636     43.60%     90.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8407      8.60%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1148      1.17%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          135      0.14%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97798                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3295.614035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3201.688360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    797.827648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            3      5.26%      5.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            4      7.02%     12.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            3      5.26%     17.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            5      8.77%     26.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            6     10.53%     36.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327           10     17.54%     54.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            8     14.04%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5      8.77%     77.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            6     10.53%     87.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      5.26%     92.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.75%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      1.75%     96.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      3.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.070175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.066261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.371274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               55     96.49%     96.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      3.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4623007000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8145194500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  939250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24610.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43360.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       787.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    787.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    90189                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     780                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80830.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                359834580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                191264205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               692308680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3006720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1648390980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24649920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5166078720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        99509280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9390352125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.061274                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11588956750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9678000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    259332750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3158827000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11329646375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                338436000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                179879205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               648940320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1774800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1557088380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24599040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5242927830                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       111731520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9310686135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            609.843209                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11788546750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    290956000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2958255500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11498552625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1906274                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1906274                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            96014                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1518717                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  81394                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12026                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1518717                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            772024                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          746693                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        37234                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     938679                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     106253                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       167921                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1772                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1498356                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6348                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1545068                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5908990                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1906274                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            853418                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28784818                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 196308                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1645                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        52521                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1492008                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                14216                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30483692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.391238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.577871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28270778     92.74%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   33510      0.11%     92.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  681155      2.23%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   50580      0.17%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  155968      0.51%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  108369      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  106220      0.35%     96.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   41101      0.13%     96.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1036011      3.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30483692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.062430                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.193517                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  828092                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28058584                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1150820                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               348042                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 98154                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9873617                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 98154                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  948447                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26652521                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         24080                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1296294                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1464196                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9418333                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               112151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1063884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                336952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11213273                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25762192                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12739551                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            78048                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3964981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7248321                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           445                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2130217                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1583737                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             152206                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6168                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7072                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8813310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7809                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6466892                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            11149                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5524067                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10746078                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7809                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30483692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.212143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.868629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28016718     91.91%     91.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             904271      2.97%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             503196      1.65%     96.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348372      1.14%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             364318      1.20%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             144758      0.47%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             118217      0.39%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              49987      0.16%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              33855      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30483692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22071     70.83%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2347      7.53%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5836     18.73%     97.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  549      1.76%     98.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              330      1.06%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              28      0.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            29765      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5279328     81.64%     82.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2267      0.04%     82.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                22489      0.35%     82.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              28975      0.45%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              983596     15.21%     98.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             113979      1.76%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           6431      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            62      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6466892                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.211788                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      31161                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004819                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43385709                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14280399                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6146327                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              74077                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             64790                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        31981                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6430113                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  38175                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           10724                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1015123                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          419                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85807                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          103                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          999                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 98154                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24107575                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               286243                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8821119                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6626                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1583737                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              152206                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2830                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                80748                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         48414                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63096                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              111510                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6319151                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               938085                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           147741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1044311                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  730578                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    106226                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.206950                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6209353                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6178308                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4564809                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7366679                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.202337                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.619656                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5525090                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            98152                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29682756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.111078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.647609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28359299     95.54%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       576365      1.94%     97.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       154550      0.52%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       370578      1.25%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        76514      0.26%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        45885      0.15%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11672      0.04%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8756      0.03%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        79137      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29682756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1652642                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3297100                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        635016                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       568600                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    544730                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     26534                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3270263                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               11708                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         8003      0.24%      0.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2611566     79.21%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            468      0.01%     79.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           19363      0.59%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         22684      0.69%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         564750     17.13%     97.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         66416      2.01%     99.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3850      0.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3297100                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                79137                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38425809                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18448324                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            431                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          50996                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1652642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3297100                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             18.476287                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       18.476287                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.054123                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.054123                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6790480                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5361928                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    56192                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   28084                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3817592                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1757049                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3166009                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           260866                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             509534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           260866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.953240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          840                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4209026                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4209026                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       452743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         452743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        65284                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         65284                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       518027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          518027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       518027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         518027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       467881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       467881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1132                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1132                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       469013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        469013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       469013                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       469013                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34676510000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34676510000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     74417500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74417500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34750927500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34750927500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34750927500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34750927500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       920624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       920624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        66416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       987040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       987040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       987040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       987040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.508222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.508222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.475171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.475171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.475171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.475171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74113.952052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74113.952052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65739.840989                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65739.840989                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74093.740472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74093.740472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74093.740472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74093.740472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26758                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              939                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.496273                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2438                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2438                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       208139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       208146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       208146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       259742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       260867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       260867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       260867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       260867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18958462500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18958462500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     72703500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72703500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19031166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19031166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19031166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19031166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.282137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016939                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016939                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.264292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.264292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72989.591595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72989.591595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64625.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64625.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72953.520376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72953.520376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72953.520376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72953.520376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5968032                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5968032                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1492008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1492008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1492008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1492008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1492008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1492008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1492008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1492008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1492008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1492008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1492008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1492008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    187984                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      329951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    187984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.755208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.929959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16372.070041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4360632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4360632                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2438                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2438                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               475                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         72426                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             72426                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                72901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    72901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               72901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   72901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             650                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 650                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       187316                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          187316                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             187966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 187966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            187966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                187966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     65839000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      65839000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17775096000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17775096000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17840935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17840935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17840935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17840935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2438                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2438                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       259742                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        259742                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           260867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               260867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          260867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              260867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.577778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.577778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.721162                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.721162                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.720543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.720543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.720543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.720543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101290.769231                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101290.769231                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94893.634286                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94893.634286                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94915.756041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94915.756041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94915.756041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94915.756041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  915                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       915                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          650                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            650                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       187316                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       187316                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        187966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            187966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       187966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           187966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     59339000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59339000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15901946000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15901946000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15961285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15961285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15961285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15961285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.577778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.721162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.720543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.720543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.720543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.720543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91290.769231                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91290.769231                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84893.687672                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84893.687672                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84915.809242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84915.809242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84915.809242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84915.809242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        375925                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       187965                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             187315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           187044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        187316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       563890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       563890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 563890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12088320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12088320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12088320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            187966                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  187966    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              187966                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           443818500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1018034000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       521733                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       260866                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          328                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             34                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           31                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            259741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3353                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          445497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1125                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1125                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       259742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       782599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                782599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16851456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16851456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          187984                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     58560                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           448851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000813                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.028738                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 448489     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    359      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             448851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          263304500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         391299000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
