
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2931330072000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              101292508                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                187483884                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              281243347                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    54.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5498679822                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10177593896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11771328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11771328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        73024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           73024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          183927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              183927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1141                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1141                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         771013472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             771013472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4783019                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4783019                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4783019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        771013472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            775796491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      183927                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1141                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    183927                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1141                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11762496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    8832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   72832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11771328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                73024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    138                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267370000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                183927                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1141                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  139637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   40996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    121.855784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.875803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.920296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46330     47.70%     47.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41641     42.87%     90.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7938      8.17%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1014      1.04%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          141      0.15%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      0.03%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           17      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           71                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2578.901408                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2507.868405                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    637.251445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      1.41%      1.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            3      4.23%      5.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            9     12.68%     18.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           15     21.13%     39.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           10     14.08%     53.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           11     15.49%     69.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            7      9.86%     78.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            7      9.86%     88.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            6      8.45%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      1.41%     98.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      1.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            71                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           71                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.028169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.026565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.237356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               70     98.59%     98.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      1.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            71                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4583631000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8029674750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  918945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24939.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43689.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       770.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    771.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    86833                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     968                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82496.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                356878620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                189689280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               672873600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                5355720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1619743920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24593760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5202590640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        92942400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9369976980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.726717                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11651756750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9498000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    242213250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3096105125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11409667750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                336601020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                178926660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               639379860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 584640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1540080150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24721920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5244376770                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       124711200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9294691260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            608.795556                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11826345875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    324772750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2921378250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11501573125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2184510                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2184510                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           117311                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1787269                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  99430                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             15380                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1787269                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            869517                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          917752                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        48554                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1076756                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     138942                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       178584                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2353                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1685227                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         9240                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1741447                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6870424                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2184510                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            968947                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28517214                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 240554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2177                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        77825                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1675987                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                18455                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     12                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30461510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.455462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.699790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27914895     91.64%     91.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   53824      0.18%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  741192      2.43%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   61818      0.20%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  176855      0.58%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  123217      0.40%     95.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  118199      0.39%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   52383      0.17%     96.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1219127      4.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30461510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.071542                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.225004                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  974258                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27607855                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1381665                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               377455                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                120277                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11562091                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                120277                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1112647                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26160052                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         26964                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1534368                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1507202                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11011816                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               107814                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1099401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                337625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13057162                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             29906006                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        14999221                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            97866                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4481384                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 8575778                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               456                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           596                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2241635                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1813547                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             201280                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             7829                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            9720                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10248434                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              10780                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7523820                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            12897                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6528521                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12462374                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         10780                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30461510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.246994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.946661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27684994     90.89%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             973340      3.20%     94.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             555604      1.82%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             385787      1.27%     97.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             427644      1.40%     98.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             183797      0.60%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             142933      0.47%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              64536      0.21%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              42875      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30461510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  27574     73.32%     73.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2983      7.93%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  6000     15.95%     97.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  655      1.74%     98.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              375      1.00%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              21      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            39156      0.52%      0.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6128078     81.45%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2968      0.04%     82.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                28077      0.37%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              36796      0.49%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1131493     15.04%     97.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             149487      1.99%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           7716      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            49      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               7523820                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.246402                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      37608                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004999                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          45466681                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         16707380                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7124775                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              92974                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             80358                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        40545                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               7474331                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  47941                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           12538                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1187366                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          491                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118132                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1188                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                120277                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23377240                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               320038                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10259214                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             8037                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1813547                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              201280                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3884                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 25587                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               110290                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         57004                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        81313                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              138317                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7336731                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1076021                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           187089                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1214929                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  832220                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    138908                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.240275                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       7205027                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      7165320                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  5324169                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  8541907                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.234662                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.623300                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6529931                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           120275                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29507199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.126433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.699087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28045960     95.05%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       623007      2.11%     97.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       171592      0.58%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       400536      1.36%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        90382      0.31%     99.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        52968      0.18%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17176      0.06%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11154      0.04%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        94424      0.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29507199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1867514                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3730693                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        709329                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       626181                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    604512                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     33230                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3697154                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               14650                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         9961      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2958391     79.30%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            586      0.02%     79.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           24022      0.64%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         28404      0.76%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         621355     16.66%     97.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         83148      2.23%     99.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4826      0.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3730693                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                94424                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    39673399                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21479749                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            623                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          73179                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1867514                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3730693                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             16.350447                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       16.350447                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.061160                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.061160                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 7964296                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6218380                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    71386                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   35699                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4265418                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2009481                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3629031                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           274705                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             643052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           274705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.340882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          674                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4826897                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4826897                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       556116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         556116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        81953                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         81953                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       638069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          638069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       638069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         638069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       498784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       498784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1195                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1195                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       499979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        499979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       499979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       499979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34959698500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34959698500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     90680500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     90680500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35050379000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35050379000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35050379000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35050379000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1054900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1054900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        83148                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83148                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1138048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1138048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1138048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1138048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.472826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.472826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014372                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014372                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.439330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.439330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.439330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.439330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70089.855529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70089.855529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75883.263598                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75883.263598                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70103.702355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70103.702355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70103.702355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70103.702355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        30832                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           58                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1001                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.801199                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           58                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       225256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       225256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       225275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       225275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       225275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       225275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       273528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       273528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       274704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       274704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       274704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       274704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18828064500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18828064500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     87673500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87673500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18915738000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18915738000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18915738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18915738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.259293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.259293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014143                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014143                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.241382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.241382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68834.139467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68834.139467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74552.295918                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74552.295918                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68858.618731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68858.618731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68858.618731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68858.618731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6703948                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6703948                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1675987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1675987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1675987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1675987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1675987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1675987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1675987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1675987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1675987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1675987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1675987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1675987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    183966                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      369811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    183966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.010214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.023928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16372.976072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1008                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9873                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4577958                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4577958                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               371                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   371                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         90406                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             90406                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                90777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    90777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               90777                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   90777                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             805                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 805                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       183122                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          183122                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             183927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 183927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            183927                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                183927                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     81860000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      81860000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17431710500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17431710500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17513570500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17513570500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17513570500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17513570500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       273528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        273528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           274704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               274704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          274704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              274704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.684524                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.684524                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.669482                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.669482                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.669546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.669546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.669546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.669546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101689.440994                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101689.440994                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95191.787442                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95191.787442                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95220.225959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95220.225959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95220.225959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95220.225959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1141                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1141                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           37                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            37                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          805                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            805                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183122                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       183122                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        183927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            183927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           183927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     73810000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73810000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15600480500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15600480500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15674290500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15674290500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15674290500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15674290500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.684524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.684524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.669482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.669482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.669546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.669546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.669546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.669546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91689.440994                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91689.440994                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85191.732834                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85191.732834                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85220.171590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85220.171590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85220.171590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85220.171590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        367848                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       183928                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             183123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           182780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        183122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       551776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       551776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 551776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11844416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11844416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11844416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            183927                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  183927    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              183927                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           433565500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          996902500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       549409                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       274704                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          297                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             82                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           75                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            273529                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3837                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          454834                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       273528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       824114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                824114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17753664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17753664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          183966                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     73024                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           458670                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000839                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029482                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 458292     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    371      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             458670                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          277400500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         412057500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
