
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10931418393500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              113153758                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                211881304                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              271747523                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    56.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6357212941                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11903933180                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       19861120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           19861760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18739584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18739584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          310330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              310340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        292806                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             292806                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             41920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1300888998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1300930917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        41920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            41920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1227429201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1227429201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1227429201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            41920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1300888998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           2528360118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      310340                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     292806                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    310340                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   292806                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               19861632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                18738816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                19861760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18739584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             18991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             19429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             19438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             19268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             19506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             19519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             19616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             19657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             19259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             19291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            18997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            19550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            19631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            19313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            19323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            19550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             17939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             18336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             18360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             18208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             18371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             18424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             18510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             18557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             18165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             18214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            17950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            18397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            18500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            18258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            18201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            18404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267353000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                310340                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               292806                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   83400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   48927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   27831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  12765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  16328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  18450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  18699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  18916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  19095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  19246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  19196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  19340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  20365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  19579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  21273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  24174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  19093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  18680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       224056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    172.273217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.690085                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.292840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       151764     67.73%     67.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        31964     14.27%     82.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13929      6.22%     88.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5258      2.35%     90.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4181      1.87%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2517      1.12%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2043      0.91%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2119      0.95%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        10281      4.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       224056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.963048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.870862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.813701                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9                 1      0.01%      0.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11                4      0.02%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12                5      0.03%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13              131      0.72%      0.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14              463      2.53%      3.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15             2585     14.13%     17.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16             5881     32.15%     49.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17             3621     19.79%     69.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18             2190     11.97%     81.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19             1570      8.58%     89.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              973      5.32%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              487      2.66%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22              233      1.27%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               89      0.49%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               44      0.24%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               14      0.08%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         18294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.004920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.004616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.103394                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            18244     99.73%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               23      0.13%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               14      0.08%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         18294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  10780275500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             16599113000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1551690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     34737.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                53487.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1300.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1227.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1300.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   1227.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        19.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    10.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    9.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   252424                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  126641                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 81.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                43.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      25312.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    62.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                799651440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                425009640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1109734500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              765800100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         980350800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           3308331300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             46565280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1851954510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       231562080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        803109480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            10322069130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            676.088064                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           7891026250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27573000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     415012000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3226638000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    602957000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    6933683625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4061480500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                800186940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                425282880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1106085960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              762584580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         982194720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           3302899200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             46125600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1862449920                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       234277920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        799574220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            10321661940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            676.061393                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           7904215125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     26834750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     415798000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3209606125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    610086250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    6920496250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4084522750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1053138                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1053138                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect              326                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              948963                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                     77                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 2                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         948963                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            422829                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          526134                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          143                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1787923                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1012841                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        46305                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           52                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     677847                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            1                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            678279                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4932438                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1053138                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            422906                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29855510                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                    700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   677847                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  109                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.288596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.354866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28977567     94.90%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   48757      0.16%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  163286      0.53%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   92029      0.30%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  352403      1.15%     97.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   48226      0.16%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  137957      0.45%     97.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   29185      0.10%     97.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  684729      2.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.034490                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.161536                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  261091                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29155131                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   476795                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               640772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                   350                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8806004                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                   350                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  510971                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               24648700                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          1096                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   789133                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              4583889                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8804123                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2141961                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               3096502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                    17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10018915                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23879643                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13528359                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              9992193                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   26689                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 7                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             7                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3947525                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1468507                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1013921                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           270930                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           48348                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8801337                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 48                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  9115134                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              114                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          20801                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        31610                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.298523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.085257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27370514     89.64%     89.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1127693      3.69%     93.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             606515      1.99%     95.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             357653      1.17%     96.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             311662      1.02%     97.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             407312      1.33%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             112099      0.37%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             179878      0.59%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              60813      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   2812      0.91%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                112507     36.53%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               192694     62.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              138      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6313966     69.27%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1788077     19.62%     88.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1012953     11.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               9115134                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.298517                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     308013                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.033791                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          49072534                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          8822211                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8792856                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               9423009                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          170678                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         3241                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           25                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2530                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            3                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       374604                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                   350                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               21362468                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              2329326                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8801385                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1468507                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1013921                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                20                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 57113                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              2167050                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            25                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           110                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          343                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                 453                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              9114455                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1787921                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              679                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     2800761                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1050516                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1012840                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.298495                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       8793051                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      8792856                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  6071198                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11861662                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.287963                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.511834                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          20805                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              3                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts              326                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30531188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.287593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28543552     93.49%     93.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       316875      1.04%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       345368      1.13%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       372012      1.22%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       158998      0.52%     97.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28712      0.09%     97.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       110064      0.36%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        27875      0.09%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       627732      2.06%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30531188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             4915163                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               8780564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       2476649                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1465254                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          2                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1049645                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  8780553                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            9      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         6303906     71.79%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1465254     16.69%     88.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1011395     11.52%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          8780564                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               627732                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38704825                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17605736                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              6                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            550                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4915163                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8780564                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              6.212345                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        6.212345                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.160970                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.160970                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                14148776                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6729494                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  5753513                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 3275416                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4903189                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           329256                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1369267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           329256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.158670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          694                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          9559848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         9559848                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       630946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         630946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1011394                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1011394                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1642340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1642340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1642340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1642340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       665308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       665308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       665308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        665308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       665308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       665308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  57658893500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57658893500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  57658893500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  57658893500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  57658893500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  57658893500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1296254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1296254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1011394                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1011394                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2307648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2307648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2307648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2307648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.513254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.513254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.288306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.288306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.288306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.288306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86664.963446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86664.963446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86664.963446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86664.963446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86664.963446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86664.963446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      7641809                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           116294                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    65.711120                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       309855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           309855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       336050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       336050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       336050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       336050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       336050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       336050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       329258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       329258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       329258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       329258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       329258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       329258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33266717500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33266717500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33266717500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33266717500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33266717500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33266717500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.254007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.142681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.142681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101035.411440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101035.411440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101035.411440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101035.411440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101035.411440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101035.411440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               10                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1876184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               10                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         187618.400000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1012                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2711398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2711398                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       677833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         677833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       677833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          677833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       677833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         677833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1294000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1294000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1294000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1294000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1294000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1294000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       677847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       677847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       677847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       677847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       677847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       677847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92428.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92428.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92428.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92428.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92428.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92428.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           10                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               10                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    310350                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      344887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    310350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.111284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.451751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.290550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.257699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2588                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        13237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5578590                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5578590                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       309855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           309855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           10                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               10                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         18927                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             18927                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                18927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    18927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               18927                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   18927                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       310331                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          310331                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             310331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 310341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            310331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                310341                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1018000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1018000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32528888000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  32528888000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1018000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32528888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      32529906000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1018000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32528888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     32529906000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       309855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       309855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           10                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           10                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             10                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       329258                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        329258                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           329258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               329268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          329258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              329268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.942516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.942516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.942516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.942518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.942516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.942518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101800                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       101800                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104819.976090                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104819.976090                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104819.976090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104819.878779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104819.976090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104819.878779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               292807                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    292807                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       310331                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       310331                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        310331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            310341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       310331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           310341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       918000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       918000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  29425588000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29425588000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       918000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  29425588000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29426506000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       918000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  29425588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29426506000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.942516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.942516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.942516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.942518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.942516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.942518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91800                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91800                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94820.008314                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94820.008314                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94820.008314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94819.911001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94820.008314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94819.911001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        620679                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       310339                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             310340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       292806                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            17533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        310340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       931019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       931019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 931019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     38601344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     38601344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                38601344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            310340                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  310340    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              310340                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1823379000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization              11.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1621863250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             10.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       658534                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       329266                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            9                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            329266                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       602662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           36944                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       329258                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       987770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                987800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     40903104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               40904384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          310350                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  18739648                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           639618                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000038                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.006125                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 639594    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     24      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             639618                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          639132000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             15000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         493884000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
