
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10717675575750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               65652913                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                122774219                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              160051092                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    95.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6262657748                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11711484592                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          21440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10047104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10068544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        21440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         21440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155647                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155647                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1404304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         658078047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             659482351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1404304                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1404304                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652465021                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652465021                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652465021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1404304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        658078047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1311947372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157320                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155647                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157320                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155647                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10068480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9960704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10068480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9961408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267425000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157320                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155647                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    736.363543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   576.098252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.289385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1988      7.31%      7.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2323      8.54%     15.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1632      6.00%     21.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1805      6.64%     28.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1481      5.45%     33.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1382      5.08%     39.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1097      4.03%     43.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1557      5.72%     48.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13934     51.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.184156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.125123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.788036                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             30      0.31%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            91      0.94%      1.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9401     96.72%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           137      1.41%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            29      0.30%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             6      0.06%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             5      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.226956                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9687     99.66%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      0.06%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.08%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               11      0.11%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2881353250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5831103250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  786600000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18315.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37065.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       659.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    659.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143764                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141992                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48782.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97489560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51816930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561225420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404972820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         741870480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1492774140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62199360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2083377360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       306725760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1596682980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7399270920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            484.646895                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11753409875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44751000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     314408000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6463860875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    798777000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3076799000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4568748250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96725580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51407070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               562046520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              407447100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748631520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1516721550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64895520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2074486500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       327422880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1573585440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7423369680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            486.225346                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11772161500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     47415500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317274000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6370224750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    852635000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3130448125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4549346750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1244929                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1244929                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6153                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1237124                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3394                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               738                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1237124                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1204217                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32907                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4347                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     345267                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1232044                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          693                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2627                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47423                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          323                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             68191                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5463008                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1244929                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1207611                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30428188                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1472                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47192                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1810                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30504561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.361302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.611575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28899405     94.74%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39303      0.13%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   41954      0.14%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224155      0.73%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26237      0.09%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8584      0.03%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8508      0.03%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24539      0.08%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1231876      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30504561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040771                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.178912                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  381495                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28734354                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   634687                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               747537                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6488                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10963286                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6488                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  658437                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 228281                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12486                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1104206                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28494663                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10932321                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 16244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28202021                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13946114                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23099148                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12558291                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           300497                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13700684                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  245401                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               118                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           123                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4764847                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              354704                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1239437                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20370                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           17957                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10876201                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                706                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10819264                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1829                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         158912                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       230184                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           596                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30504561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.354677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.222593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27556869     90.34%     90.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             470213      1.54%     91.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             523679      1.72%     93.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348386      1.14%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             295952      0.97%     95.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1000355      3.28%     98.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117384      0.38%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167136      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24587      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30504561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72535     94.49%     94.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  459      0.60%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   640      0.83%     95.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  197      0.26%     96.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2755      3.59%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             182      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4256      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9153450     84.60%     84.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  86      0.00%     84.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  273      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              80011      0.74%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              301415      2.79%     88.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1195193     11.05%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46407      0.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38173      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10819264                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.354327                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76768                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007095                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51853351                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10832382                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10617336                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             368333                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            203608                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       180533                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10705953                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 185823                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2021                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21720                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          183                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12065                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           24                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          478                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6488                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  51511                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               139967                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10876907                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              742                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               354704                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1239437                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               308                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   375                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               139442                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           183                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1688                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6103                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7791                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10804935                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               345113                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14327                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1577141                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1220526                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1232028                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.353858                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10800904                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10797869                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7875380                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11007001                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.353626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.715488                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         159130                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6351                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30478936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.351652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.247747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27621404     90.62%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       337185      1.11%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324645      1.07%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1082880      3.55%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65769      0.22%     96.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       663465      2.18%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72086      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22066      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289436      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30478936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5293071                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10717982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1560355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       332984                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1214274                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    176798                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10623734                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9077099     84.69%     84.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78008      0.73%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         288790      2.69%     88.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1189693     11.10%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44194      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10717982                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               289436                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41066612                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21780328                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            274                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          30127                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5293071                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10717982                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.768804                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.768804                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.173346                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.173346                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12353810                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8202305                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   278671                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  141684                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6088906                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5448621                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4024872                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           157036                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1410314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           157036                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.980832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6435564                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6435564                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       338676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         338676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1071635                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1071635                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1410311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1410311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1410311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1410311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155749                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155749                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    316728500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    316728500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14038512998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14038512998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14355241498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14355241498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14355241498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14355241498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       342248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       342248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1227384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1227384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1569632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1569632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1569632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1569632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88669.792833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88669.792833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90135.493634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90135.493634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90102.632409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90102.632409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90102.632409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90102.632409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12511                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          228                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    82.309211                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          114                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       156089                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           156089                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2284                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2284                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       157037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       157037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       157037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       157037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135154000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135154000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13881826498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13881826498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14016980498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14016980498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14016980498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14016980498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126887                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126887                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104124.807396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104124.807396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89135.197337                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89135.197337                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89259.094978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89259.094978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89259.094978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89259.094978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              618                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.781538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              14332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            23.190939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.781538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           189388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          189388                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57193499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57193499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57193499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57193499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57193499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57193499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75752.978808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75752.978808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75752.978808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75752.978808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75752.978808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75752.978808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           50                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41417500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41417500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41417500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41417500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41417500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41417500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66802.419355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66802.419355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66802.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66802.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66802.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66802.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157858                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       50.861459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        31.953009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16301.185532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          957                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9560                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5759                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2680170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2680170                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       156089                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           156089                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          618                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              618                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            283                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                283                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   50                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 283                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  50                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     333                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155721                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155721                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          335                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              335                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               335                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13648002500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13648002500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37490500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     37490500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    132780000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    132780000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37490500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13780782500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13818273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37490500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13780782500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13818273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       156089                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       156089                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          618                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          618                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155737                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155737                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          618                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            618                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1298                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1298                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           157035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          157035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999897                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542071                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.542071                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973806                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.973806                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.542071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.542071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87643.943335                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87643.943335                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111911.940299                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111911.940299                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105047.468354                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105047.468354                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111911.940299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87784.071727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87835.450038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111911.940299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87784.071727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87835.450038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155647                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155647                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155721                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155721                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          335                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          335                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12090782500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12090782500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34140500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34140500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    120140000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120140000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34140500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12210922500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12245063000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34140500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12210922500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12245063000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.542071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77643.879117                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77643.879117                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101911.940299                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101911.940299                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95047.468354                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95047.468354                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101911.940299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77784.008026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77835.386473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101911.940299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77784.008026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77835.386473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314556                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157246                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1599                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155647                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155721                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1599                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20029952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20029952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20029952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157320    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           937660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          827480750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315311                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157654                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           94                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            723                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          723                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1918                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          618                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155738                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           620                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       471111                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        79104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20040000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20119104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157860                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9961536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315515                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002589                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050820                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314698     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    817      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315515                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314362500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            930000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235555998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
