
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10397061349125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               76681870                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                143170798                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              190475508                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    80.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6146341606                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11475687296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10021952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10044096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        22144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9935488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9935488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155242                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155242                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1450416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         656430609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             657881025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1450416                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1450416                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       650767279                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            650767279                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       650767279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1450416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        656430609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1308648304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156939                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155242                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156939                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155242                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10044096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9936064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10044096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9935488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267529000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156939                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155242                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    730.346749                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   570.130664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.945537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2024      7.40%      7.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2365      8.64%     16.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1906      6.97%     23.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1487      5.44%     28.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1613      5.90%     34.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1435      5.25%     39.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1267      4.63%     44.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1622      5.93%     50.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13638     49.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.183543                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.128652                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.652910                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               8      0.08%      0.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             34      0.35%      0.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            92      0.95%      1.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9368     96.60%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           136      1.40%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            35      0.36%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            13      0.13%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             4      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008558                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007617                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.189518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9674     99.75%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      0.06%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                6      0.06%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.04%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                5      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2884152000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5826758250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  784695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18377.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37127.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       657.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       650.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    657.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    650.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143353                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141479                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48906.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98639100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52424130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               563374560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406638000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         746787600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1492697190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63804480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2101530150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       308010720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1587020100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7421109570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.077310                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11827389750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46883750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     316458000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6416588250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    802096000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3076610250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4608707875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96697020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51395685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557169900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403772220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         749246160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1501867920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             67156800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2067059400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       329902080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1585663080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7409960625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.347063                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11758224500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     53150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317528000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6406677125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    859151000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3097801000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4533037000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1272495                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1272495                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6475                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1265518                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3427                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               741                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1265518                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1231067                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           34451                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4393                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     345789                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1257984                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          700                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2636                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      48548                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          219                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             69607                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5578416                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1272495                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1234494                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30430888                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 116                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1126                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    48420                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1911                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.368646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.627874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28874350     94.64%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39715      0.13%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42040      0.14%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  223959      0.73%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26940      0.09%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8628      0.03%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8814      0.03%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24836      0.08%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1259191      4.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041674                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.182691                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  399483                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28691862                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   631037                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               779374                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6717                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11185531                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6717                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  671458                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 221969                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13301                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1137282                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28457746                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11153841                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 16723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28170175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14225356                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23574534                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12809760                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           306114                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13958750                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  266606                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               122                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           130                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4818655                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355671                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1265465                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20733                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           22994                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11094170                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                741                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11031873                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1729                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         170415                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       248304                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           631                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.361600                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.233639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27508224     90.17%     90.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             473875      1.55%     91.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             532573      1.75%     93.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348253      1.14%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             314159      1.03%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1017293      3.33%     98.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             118044      0.39%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             171688      0.56%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24364      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72545     94.36%     94.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  455      0.59%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   704      0.92%     95.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  190      0.25%     96.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2813      3.66%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             178      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4101      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9339267     84.66%     84.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  92      0.00%     84.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  273      0.00%     84.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              80467      0.73%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              301625      2.73%     88.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1221159     11.07%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46708      0.42%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38181      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11031873                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.361290                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76885                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006969                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52279905                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11056644                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10828105                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             370928                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            208858                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       181596                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10917514                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 187143                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2071                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22670                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          186                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12253                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           17                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          481                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6717                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  53734                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               131157                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11094911                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              859                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355671                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1265465                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               321                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   356                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               130660                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           186                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1921                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                8072                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11016885                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               345636                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14988                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1603604                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1246605                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1257968                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.360799                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11012722                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11009701                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8039473                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11242773                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.360564                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.715079                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         170670                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6580                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30481389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.358399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.258500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27572344     90.46%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       341768      1.12%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323881      1.06%     92.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1104302      3.62%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        70375      0.23%     96.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       681027      2.23%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72046      0.24%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22019      0.07%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       293627      0.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30481389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5396341                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10924496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1586213                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333001                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1240074                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    176814                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10830242                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2236      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9257753     84.74%     84.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             62      0.00%     84.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78012      0.71%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         288803      2.64%     88.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1215526     11.13%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44198      0.40%     99.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37686      0.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10924496                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               293627                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41282928                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22217867                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            263                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26215                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5396341                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10924496                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.658406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.658406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.176728                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.176728                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12590983                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8361178                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   280574                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  142773                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6219062                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5553334                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4104351                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156651                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1447924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.242992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6540423                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6540423                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1097861                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1097861                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1436996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1436996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1436996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1436996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158947                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158947                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    335321500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    335321500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14011259999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14011259999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14346581499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14346581499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14346581499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14346581499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       342721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       342721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1253222                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1253222                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1595943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1595943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1595943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1595943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123969                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.123969                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93508.505298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93508.505298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90185.181603                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90185.181603                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90260.159040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90260.159040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90260.159040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90260.159040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12466                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1250                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    88.411348                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          625                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155705                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155705                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2291                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2291                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    137453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13855072499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13855072499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13992525499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13992525499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13992525499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13992525499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123961                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123961                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105327.969349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105327.969349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89185.602275                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89185.602275                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89320.073914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89320.073914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89320.073914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89320.073914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              618                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.734540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          302758698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         489900.805825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.734540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          816                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           194302                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          194302                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        47652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          47652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        47652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           47652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        47652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          47652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60286499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60286499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60286499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60286499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60286499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60286499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        48420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        48420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        48420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        48420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        48420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        48420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78498.045573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78498.045573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78498.045573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78498.045573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78498.045573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78498.045573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           29                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66752.411576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66752.411576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66752.411576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66752.411576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66752.411576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66752.411576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157457                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.995942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       57.163973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        39.132295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16287.703732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          963                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9552                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2673641                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2673641                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155705                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155705                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          617                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              617                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            272                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                272                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            41                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                41                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   58                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 272                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  58                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     330                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155329                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155329                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          346                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              346                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               346                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156593                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13621787000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13621787000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37710000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     37710000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    134995000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    134995000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37710000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13756782000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13794492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37710000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13756782000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13794492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155705                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155705                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          617                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          617                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155346                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155346                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          618                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            618                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1305                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1305                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.559871                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.559871                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.968582                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.968582                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.559871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.559871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87696.354190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87696.354190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108988.439306                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108988.439306                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106799.841772                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106799.841772                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108988.439306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87850.555261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87897.157494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108988.439306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87850.555261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87897.157494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155242                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155242                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          346                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12068497000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12068497000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34250000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34250000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    122355000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122355000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12190852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12225102000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12190852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12225102000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.559871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.559871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.968582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.559871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.559871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77696.354190                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77696.354190                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98988.439306                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98988.439306                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96799.841772                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96799.841772                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98988.439306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77850.555261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77897.157494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98988.439306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77850.555261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77897.157494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313692                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156766                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1511                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155328                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       470630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       470630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 470630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19979520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19979520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19979520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156939    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           935194000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          825415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314547                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157269                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           81                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            775                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          775                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1927                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          618                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155346                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155346                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           622                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1305                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       469963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        79104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19990784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20069888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157461                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9935744                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052080                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313879     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    856      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313596500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            933000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234979499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
