
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4900817464125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               77609319                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                144017918                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              208425566                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    73.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5684943639                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10549428437                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12546432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12546432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        30976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           30976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           484                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                484                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         821782223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             821782223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2028906                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2028906                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2028906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        821782223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            823811129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196038                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        484                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196038                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      484                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12542528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3904                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   30720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12546432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                30976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     61                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267329500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196038                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  484                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.508991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.370301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.534481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42198     43.14%     43.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44600     45.59%     88.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9477      9.69%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1334      1.36%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          169      0.17%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6515.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6370.396561                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1443.768761                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      3.33%      3.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.33%      6.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      6.67%     13.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            3     10.00%     23.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            6     20.00%     43.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            3     10.00%     53.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            7     23.33%     76.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      6.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     10.00%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.33%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      3.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               30    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4699426500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8373995250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  979885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23979.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42729.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       821.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    821.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98204                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     416                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77687.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                352830240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187510950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               706395900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2505600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1649273340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24658080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5138976360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       121581600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9388426470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.935145                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11586621000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9990000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    316848500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3161063250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11269842375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                345725940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183734925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               692879880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1616680740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24551520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5139184410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       148959360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9356411175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.838166                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11658721000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9606000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    387912250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3089417125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11270808750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1638906                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1638906                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            73074                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1309085                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  51824                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7974                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1309085                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            685619                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          623466                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        26900                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     767417                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      57096                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       148981                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1061                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1326744                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5389                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1359858                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4836674                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1638906                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            737443                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29009968                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 149538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        44593                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1321355                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8860                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30492894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.319629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.426382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28630627     93.89%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   26813      0.09%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  644750      2.11%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   28388      0.09%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  131989      0.43%     96.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   75584      0.25%     96.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   86023      0.28%     97.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   26839      0.09%     97.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  841881      2.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30492894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.053674                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.158399                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  687321                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28504419                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   915255                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               311130                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 74769                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8002816                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 74769                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  783946                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27283601                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15959                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1051534                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1283085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7658797                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                69749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1003818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                225957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9127289                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21182580                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10117421                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            43777                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3114286                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6012939                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           414                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1953734                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1354926                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              84509                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3595                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5072                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7227728                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5089                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5173319                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7196                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4637421                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9463222                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5089                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30492894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.169657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.760765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28418461     93.20%     93.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             806065      2.64%     95.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             430502      1.41%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             291268      0.96%     98.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             311583      1.02%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              99100      0.32%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              82777      0.27%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              31152      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              21986      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30492894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  12442     68.42%     68.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1309      7.20%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3933     21.63%     97.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  328      1.80%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              136      0.75%     99.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              38      0.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            20284      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4257443     82.30%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1135      0.02%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                11382      0.22%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              16121      0.31%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              802270     15.51%     98.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              61586      1.19%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2980      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           118      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5173319                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.169424                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      18186                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003515                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40824717                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11833915                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4941267                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              40198                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             36324                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        17537                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5150511                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  20710                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5115                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       875789                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          216                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        51837                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           56                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1131                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 74769                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25300273                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               267227                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7232817                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4859                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1354926                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               84509                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1900                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18855                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                64921                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         37751                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        45661                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               83412                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5070555                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               767059                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           102765                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      824146                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  596732                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     57087                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.166059                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4978568                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4958804                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3670850                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5804797                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.162399                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.632382                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4638329                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            74768                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29830739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.087002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.550712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28722576     96.29%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       506684      1.70%     97.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122039      0.41%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       324995      1.09%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62568      0.21%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        32162      0.11%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7172      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4859      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        47684      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29830739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1299153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2595346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        511794                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       479121                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    457521                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     13084                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2582144                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3918      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2058776     79.33%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            230      0.01%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            9444      0.36%     79.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         11184      0.43%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         477221     18.39%     98.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         32673      1.26%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1900      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2595346                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                47684                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37016730                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15131498                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            335                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          41794                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1299153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2595346                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             23.503535                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       23.503535                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.042547                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.042547                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5118810                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4312762                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    31185                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   15547                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3115191                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1371920                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2633955                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           241717                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             354240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           241717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.465515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3402081                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3402081                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       322932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         322932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        31694                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         31694                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       354626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          354626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       354626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         354626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       434486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       434486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          979                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          979                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       435465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        435465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       435465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       435465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35107465500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35107465500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42672000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     42672000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35150137500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35150137500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35150137500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35150137500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       757418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       757418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        32673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       790091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       790091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       790091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       790091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.573641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.573641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029964                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029964                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.551158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.551158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.551158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.551158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80802.293975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80802.293975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43587.334014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43587.334014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80718.628363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80718.628363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80718.628363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80718.628363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        23750                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              905                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.243094                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       193740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       240746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       240746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       241717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       241717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19319065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19319065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40951000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40951000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19360016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19360016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19360016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19360016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029719                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029719                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.305936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.305936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80246.670765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80246.670765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42174.047374                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42174.047374                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80093.729444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80093.729444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80093.729444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80093.729444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5285420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5285420                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1321355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1321355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1321355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1321355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1321355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1321355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1321355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1321355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1321355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1321355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1321355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1321355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196050                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      283199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.444524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.729610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.270390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10540                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4061202                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4061202                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2292                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2292                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               661                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   661                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         45018                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             45018                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                45679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    45679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               45679                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   45679                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195727                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195727                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32376000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      32376000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18456814500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18456814500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18489190500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18489190500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18489190500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18489190500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2292                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2292                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           972                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               972                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       240745                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        240745                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           241717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               241717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          241717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              241717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.319959                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.319959                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.813005                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.813005                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.811023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.811023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.811023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.811023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104102.893891                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104102.893891                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94298.765628                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94298.765628                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94314.319163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94314.319163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94314.319163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94314.319163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  484                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       484                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195727                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195727                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29266000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29266000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16499544500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16499544500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16528810500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16528810500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16528810500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16528810500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.319959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.813005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.813005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.811023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.811023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.811023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.811023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94102.893891                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94102.893891                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84298.765628                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84298.765628                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84314.319163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84314.319163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84314.319163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84314.319163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        392067                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196038                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195727                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195545                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195727                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       588105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       588105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 588105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12577408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12577408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12577408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196038                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196038    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196038                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           461820000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1059557500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       483434                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       241715                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          547                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             21                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           17                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            240745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          434991                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       240745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       725151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                725151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15616576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15616576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196050                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     30976                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           437767                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001302                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036313                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 437201     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    562      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             437767                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          244009000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         362575500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
