
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9954308369500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               79672900                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                148559922                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              200498146                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    76.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6066854211                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11312398589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12824960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12824960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        18688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           18688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          200390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              200390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           292                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                292                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         840025606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             840025606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1224050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1224050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1224050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        840025606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            841249656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      200390                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        292                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    200390                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      292                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12822592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   18432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12824960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                18688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267199000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                200390                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  292                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   47223                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.543282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.968106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.482302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40097     41.07%     41.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45773     46.89%     87.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10104     10.35%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1440      1.48%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          182      0.19%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10911.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10708.856133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2202.546387                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      5.56%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.56%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     16.67%     27.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      5.56%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      5.56%     38.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2     11.11%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2     11.11%     61.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      5.56%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2     11.11%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      5.56%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      5.56%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4834036500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8590655250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1001765000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24127.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.98                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42877.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       839.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    840.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.34                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   102769                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     253                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76076.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349146000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185579295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               718583880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1383300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1654558950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24499680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5162715720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        97297440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9399073305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.632505                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11575295250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9570000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    253382500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3172306375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11322225250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347860800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184918965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               711943680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 120060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1643265540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24521280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5173708170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        97551360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9389198895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.985738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11600288125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9567500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509788500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    254216500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3147700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11346071625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1501798                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1501798                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            59954                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1180324                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  36981                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5605                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1180324                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            640997                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          539327                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        18070                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     671955                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      35926                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       135642                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          698                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1252695                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4844                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1278588                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4295274                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1501798                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            677978                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29081262                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 123076                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        45559                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1247851                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5703                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30470535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.283100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.340819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28786751     94.47%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   20057      0.07%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  632286      2.08%     96.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19771      0.06%     96.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  120075      0.39%     97.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   53859      0.18%     97.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   75187      0.25%     97.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   18855      0.06%     97.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  743694      2.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30470535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.049183                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.140669                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  624947                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28699233                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   795940                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               288877                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 61538                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6992593                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 61538                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  706602                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27486953                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         25281                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   927352                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1262809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6715353                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                68060                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                966132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                254477                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8014595                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18788599                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8729902                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            23362                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2661940                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5352655                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               259                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           348                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1856951                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1243406                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              52709                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2547                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2392                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6401957                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4469459                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3969                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4183060                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8940523                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2839                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30470535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.146681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.692326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28604656     93.88%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             753866      2.47%     96.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             393421      1.29%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             261251      0.86%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             288494      0.95%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              71908      0.24%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              62260      0.20%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              19510      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              15169      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30470535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7157     64.79%     64.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     64.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     64.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  729      6.60%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2893     26.19%     97.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  200      1.81%     99.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               22      0.20%     99.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              45      0.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            14104      0.32%      0.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3699168     82.77%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 606      0.01%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6143      0.14%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9349      0.21%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              700005     15.66%     99.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              38675      0.87%     99.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1234      0.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           175      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4469459                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.146373                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11046                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002471                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39401932                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10569049                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4294579                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              22536                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             18810                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10199                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4454829                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  11572                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2986                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       814461                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        34705                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1119                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 61538                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25690569                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               270162                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6404796                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3879                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1243406                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               52709                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1101                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19478                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                72452                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         32399                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        34704                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               67103                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4397595                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               671801                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            71864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      707714                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  513995                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     35913                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.144020                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4317992                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4304778                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3202957                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4968042                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.140980                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.644712                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4183654                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            61536                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29884224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.074345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.493005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28894808     96.69%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       467048      1.56%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       104071      0.35%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       296034      0.99%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        56581      0.19%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27305      0.09%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4147      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3127      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31103      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29884224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1111925                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2221736                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        446949                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       428945                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    406497                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7220                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2214473                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2147      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1761186     79.27%     79.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            127      0.01%     79.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5159      0.23%     79.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6168      0.28%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         427893     19.26%     99.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         18004      0.81%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1052      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2221736                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                31103                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36258511                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13398158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            470                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          64154                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1111925                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2221736                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.461105                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.461105                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036415                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036415                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4213492                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3757967                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    18138                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    8997                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2702629                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1142606                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2342911                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           226898                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             280296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           226898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.235339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2962050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2962050                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       258253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         258253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       275513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          275513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       275513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         275513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       407531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       407531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          744                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          744                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       408275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        408275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       408275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       408275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35301671000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35301671000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25835499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25835499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35327506499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35327506499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35327506499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35327506499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       665784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       665784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        18004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       683788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       683788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       683788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       683788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.612107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.612107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041324                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041324                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.597078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.597078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.597078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.597078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86623.277738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86623.277738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34725.133065                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34725.133065                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86528.703690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86528.703690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86528.703690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86528.703690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16330                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              857                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.054842                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1843                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1843                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       181371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       181377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181377                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       181377                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       226160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       226898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       226898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19549892000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19549892000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24872499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24872499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19574764499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19574764499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19574764499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19574764499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.339690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040991                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040991                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.331825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.331825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86442.748497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86442.748497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33702.573171                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33702.573171                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86271.207763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86271.207763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86271.207763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86271.207763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4991404                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4991404                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1247851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1247851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1247851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1247851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1247851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1247851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1247851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1247851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1247851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1247851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1247851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1247851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    200393                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      244763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    200393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.221415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.967479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.032521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3828385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3828385                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1843                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1843                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               564                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   564                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         25944                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             25944                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                26508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    26508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               26508                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   26508                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             174                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       200216                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          200216                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             200390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 200390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            200390                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                200390                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17586500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      17586500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18913845000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18913845000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18931431500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18931431500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18931431500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18931431500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1843                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1843                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           738                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               738                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       226160                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        226160                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           226898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               226898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          226898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              226898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.235772                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.235772                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885285                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.885285                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.883172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.883172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.883172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.883172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101071.839080                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101071.839080                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94467.200424                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94467.200424                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94472.935276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94472.935276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94472.935276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94472.935276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  292                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       292                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            174                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200216                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       200216                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        200390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            200390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           200390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15846500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15846500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16911685000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16911685000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16927531500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16927531500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16927531500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16927531500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.235772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.883172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.883172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91071.839080                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91071.839080                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84467.200424                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84467.200424                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84472.935276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84472.935276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84472.935276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84472.935276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        400772                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       200390                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             200216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          292                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           200090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        200216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       601162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       601162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 601162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12843648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12843648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12843648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            200390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  200390    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              200390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           471393000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1081657250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       453796                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       226894                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          522                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             11                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            226160                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2135                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          425156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              738                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             738                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       226160                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       680694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                680694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14639424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14639424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          200393                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     18688                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           427291                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001240                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035264                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 426762     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    528      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             427291                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          228741000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         340347000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
