
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10549734790375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66591984                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                124427658                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              163934404                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    93.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6201763197                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11588046725                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10032064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10056256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9986112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9986112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156751                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        156033                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             156033                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1584559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657092938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658677496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1584559                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1584559                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       654083115                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            654083115                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       654083115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1584559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657092938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1312760611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157130                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     156033                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157130                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   156033                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10056320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9986112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10056320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9986112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267350000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157130                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               156033                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    734.531701                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   570.874917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   360.986658                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2064      7.56%      7.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2536      9.29%     16.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1671      6.12%     22.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1458      5.34%     28.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1336      4.90%     33.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1338      4.90%     38.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1491      5.46%     43.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1494      5.48%     49.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13898     50.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9745                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.124166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.073708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.574822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             47      0.48%      0.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            89      0.91%      1.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9452     96.99%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           112      1.15%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            18      0.18%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             6      0.06%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9745                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011596                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010435                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.208524                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9710     99.64%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               10      0.10%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                9      0.09%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.09%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2888586500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5834774000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18383.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37133.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       654.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    654.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143513                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142364                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48752.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97853700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52006680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562981860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407760300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         749860800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1510485180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61229760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2094716940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       315169920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1577826360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7429941810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.655816                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11795278500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42671500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6380875500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    820754250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3111594125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4593648750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96968340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51543690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               558926340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              406731960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         754163280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1513511880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65277600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2066756160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       336006720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1579262340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7429148310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            486.603842                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11746131500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46854000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     319692000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6370863375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    875013250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3122658750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4532262750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1272048                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1272048                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7620                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1262759                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4428                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               935                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1262759                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1221573                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           41186                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5436                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351059                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1254877                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          851                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      54322                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          395                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             80962                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5582412                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1272048                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1226001                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30409837                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1900                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    54027                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2228                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.368966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.627917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28863538     94.63%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40032      0.13%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42784      0.14%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  225091      0.74%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27700      0.09%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9443      0.03%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9687      0.03%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25173      0.08%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1257579      4.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041659                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.182822                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  400466                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28681573                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   643851                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               767094                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8043                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11181686                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8043                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  677953                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 276331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17331                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1132288                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28389081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11142868                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28096375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14194515                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23577921                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12825646                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           307573                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13890315                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  304200                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4827361                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              363000                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1264006                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20841                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           18540                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11071711                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                906                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11000963                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2329                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         196716                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       286959                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           779                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.360675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.231750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27506049     90.18%     90.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             473755      1.55%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             534881      1.75%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348579      1.14%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             306561      1.01%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1019122      3.34%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119675      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167435      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24970      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73165     94.29%     94.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  360      0.46%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   829      1.07%     95.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  225      0.29%     96.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2782      3.59%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             237      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4794      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9304188     84.58%     84.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 116      0.00%     84.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  351      0.00%     84.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              80739      0.73%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              307374      2.79%     88.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1214909     11.04%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46857      0.43%     99.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41635      0.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11000963                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.360278                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77598                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007054                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52205189                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11058940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10789518                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             377691                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            210617                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       184738                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10883301                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 190466                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2546                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26926                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          235                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15051                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          667                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8043                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  55465                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               174500                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11072617                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              889                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               363000                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1264006                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               403                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   411                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               173903                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           235                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2073                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7670                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9743                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10983047                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               350899                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17916                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1605757                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1241066                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1254858                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.359691                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10978010                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10974256                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8002478                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11202769                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.359403                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.714330                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         196899                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7874                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.356947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.255415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27570172     90.49%     90.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       341209      1.12%     91.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324632      1.07%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1100961      3.61%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65663      0.22%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       681995      2.24%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72382      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22278      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289960      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5372411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10875901                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1585029                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336074                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1233320                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180921                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10780903                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2362      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9209532     84.68%     84.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78613      0.72%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         291755      2.68%     88.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1207959     11.11%     99.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44319      0.41%     99.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40996      0.38%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10875901                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               289960                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41252092                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22177987                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            304                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          33661                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5372411                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10875901                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.683610                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.683610                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.175945                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.175945                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12568131                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8334844                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   283338                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  142484                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6188696                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5525696                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4095916                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1425997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.094195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6541567                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6541567                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1093681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1093681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1436915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1436915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1436915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1436915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    380985000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    380985000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14000844497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14000844497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14381829497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14381829497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14381829497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14381829497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1248967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1248967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1596191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1596191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1596191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1596191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.124332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95484.962406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95484.962406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90161.666197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90161.666197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90295.019319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90295.019319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90295.019319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90295.019319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16890                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2312                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              206                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    81.990291                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         1156                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2469                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2469                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    161690000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161690000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13844355498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13844355498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14006045498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14006045498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14006045498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14006045498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124320                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124320                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105266.927083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105266.927083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89162.531947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89162.531947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89320.282245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89320.282245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89320.282245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89320.282245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              701                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.662411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              13835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            19.736091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.662411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           216814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          216814                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        53155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          53155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        53155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           53155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        53155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          53155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     64432499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64432499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     64432499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64432499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     64432499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64432499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        54027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        54027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        54027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        54027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        54027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        54027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73890.480505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73890.480505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73890.480505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73890.480505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73890.480505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73890.480505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           30                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           10                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          701                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              701                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46642500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46642500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46642500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46642500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46642500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46642500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66065.864023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66065.864023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66065.864023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66065.864023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66065.864023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66065.864023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157745                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       46.787024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        29.115189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16308.097788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          853                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9659                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2677681                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2677681                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155723                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155723                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          701                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              701                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            324                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                324                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            33                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                33                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  51                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155249                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155249                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          378                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              378                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1503                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1503                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               378                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156752                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13611187000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13611187000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     42159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    158970500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    158970500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42159500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13770157500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13812317000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42159500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13770157500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13812317000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155723                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155723                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          701                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          701                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          702                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            702                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1536                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1536                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538462                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.538462                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.978516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.538462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.538462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87673.266817                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87673.266817                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111533.068783                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111533.068783                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105768.795742                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105768.795742                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111533.068783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87846.773885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87903.754853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111533.068783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87846.773885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87903.754853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               156033                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    156033                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          378                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          378                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1503                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1503                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12058697000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12058697000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38379500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38379500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    143940500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143940500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38379500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12202637500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12241017000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38379500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12202637500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12241017000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77673.266817                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77673.266817                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101533.068783                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101533.068783                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95768.795742                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95768.795742                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101533.068783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77846.773885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77903.754853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101533.068783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77846.773885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77903.754853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314381                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157266                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1881                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       156033                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1881                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20042432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20042432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20042432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157130    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           939135000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826440000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315017                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157504                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          104                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            559                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          559                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2242                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311756                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          701                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           706                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1536                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        89792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20001664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20091456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157749                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9986368                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315258                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002103                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.045811                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314595     99.79%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    663      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315258                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313932500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1059000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235206999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
