
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7129849706375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              133659659                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                248592628                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              348273269                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    43.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5859270325                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10897616483                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12681600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12681600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        22528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           22528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          198150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              198150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         830635630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             830635630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1475568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1475568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1475568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        830635630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            832111197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      198148                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        352                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    198148                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      352                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12678464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   21632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12681472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                22528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     47                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267285500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                198148                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  352                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.680387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.217658                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.150771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40527     41.70%     41.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45125     46.43%     88.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9926     10.21%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1383      1.42%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          185      0.19%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean           9133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8856.274192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2292.877036                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      4.76%      4.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      4.76%      9.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3     14.29%     23.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      9.52%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      4.76%     38.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      9.52%     47.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      9.52%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      4.76%     61.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      4.76%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2      9.52%     76.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2      9.52%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2      9.52%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      4.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.095238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.089992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.436436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20     95.24%     95.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      4.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4798304750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8512698500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  990505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24221.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42971.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       830.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    830.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100962                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     292                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76913.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                350038500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186049875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               713421660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1764360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1652718420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24455520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5143551750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       115030080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9391724565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.151168                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11579911500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9524250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    299718750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3168308375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11280192750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                343869540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182748225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               701033760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1623168480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24645600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5210452080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        83387040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9373999125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.990164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11642070000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9972000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    216808750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3105692500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11425270875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1480009                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1480009                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            60456                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1074701                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  41997                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7263                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1074701                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            633973                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          440728                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        17032                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     686746                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      40538                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       139265                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          717                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1237018                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4409                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1263655                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4288767                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1480009                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            675970                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29119728                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 123938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2352                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        40755                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1232609                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5611                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30489504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.283134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.341359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28816968     94.51%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   13907      0.05%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  616697      2.02%     96.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   21569      0.07%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  117611      0.39%     97.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   65176      0.21%     97.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   78053      0.26%     97.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   20209      0.07%     97.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  739314      2.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30489504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.048470                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.140456                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  613553                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28739079                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   783059                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               291844                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 61969                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6999089                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 61969                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  697026                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27389806                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13392                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   914866                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1412445                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6706873                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                95405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                996586                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                397057                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8011968                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18712110                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8766008                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            31478                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2793581                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5218389                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               332                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           389                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1890212                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1227577                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              58281                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3803                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6387330                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3619                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4540584                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4790                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4060313                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8502955                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3619                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30489504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.148923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.701508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28611553     93.84%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             746570      2.45%     96.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             401431      1.32%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             270013      0.89%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             279436      0.92%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              75316      0.25%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              66372      0.22%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              21947      0.07%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              16866      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30489504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8899     66.11%     66.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  938      6.97%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3315     24.63%     97.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  187      1.39%     99.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              101      0.75%     99.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              21      0.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            14074      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3747595     82.54%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 538      0.01%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8016      0.18%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11606      0.26%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              713171     15.71%     99.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              43342      0.95%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2171      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            71      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4540584                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.148702                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13461                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002965                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39560011                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10424166                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4363616                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              28912                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             27098                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        12630                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4525058                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  14913                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3526                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       783821                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        35321                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           35                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1298                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 61969                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25470040                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               288149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6390949                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4090                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1227577                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               58281                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1415                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 14769                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                92488                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         35295                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        32572                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               67867                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4467397                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               686555                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            73187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      727079                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  531851                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     40524                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.146306                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4389962                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4376246                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3225603                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5077692                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.143320                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.635250                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4061248                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            61967                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29917571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.077902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.510018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28892885     96.57%     96.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       478026      1.60%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111014      0.37%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305919      1.02%     99.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        56778      0.19%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28370      0.09%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4540      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3688      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36351      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29917571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1166616                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2330637                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        466716                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       443756                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    420797                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9144                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2321356                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2777      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1846424     79.22%     79.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            162      0.01%     79.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6734      0.29%     79.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7824      0.34%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         442436     18.98%     98.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         22960      0.99%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1320      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2330637                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                36351                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36273105                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13356935                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            345                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          45184                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1166616                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2330637                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.173726                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.173726                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038206                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038206                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4426169                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3808639                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    22523                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11217                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2812096                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1202280                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2359758                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           231498                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             289509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           231498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.250590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3040970                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3040970                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       265884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         265884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        22114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         22114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       287998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          287998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       287998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         287998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       413524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       413524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          846                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          846                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       414370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        414370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       414370                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       414370                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34999986500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34999986500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31629997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31629997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35031616497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35031616497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35031616497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35031616497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       679408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       679408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        22960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       702368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       702368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       702368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       702368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.608653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.608653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.589961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.589961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.589961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.589961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84638.343845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84638.343845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37387.703310                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37387.703310                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84541.874405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84541.874405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84541.874405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84541.874405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16245                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              816                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.908088                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       182868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       182873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       182873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       230656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       231497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       231497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19432396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19432396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30292497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30292497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19462688497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19462688497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19462688497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19462688497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.339496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.329595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.329595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84248.387209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84248.387209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36019.615933                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36019.615933                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84073.178041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84073.178041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84073.178041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84073.178041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4930436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4930436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1232609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1232609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1232609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1232609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1232609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1232609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1232609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1232609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1232609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1232609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1232609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1232609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    198153                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      257917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    198153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.301605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.964836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.035164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3899577                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3899577                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2152                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2152                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               621                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   621                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         32728                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             32728                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                33349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    33349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               33349                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   33349                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             220                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 220                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197928                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197928                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             198148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 198148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            198148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                198148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22209000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      22209000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18716636000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18716636000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18738845000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18738845000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18738845000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18738845000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2152                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2152                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           841                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               841                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       230656                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        230656                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           231497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               231497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          231497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              231497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.261593                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.261593                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.858109                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.858109                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.855942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.855942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.855942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.855942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data       100950                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100950                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94562.851138                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94562.851138                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94569.942669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94569.942669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94569.942669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94569.942669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          220                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            220                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197928                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197928                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        198148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            198148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           198148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20009000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20009000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16737346000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16737346000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16757355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16757355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16757355000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16757355000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.261593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.858109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.855942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.855942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.855942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.855942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        90950                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90950                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84562.800614                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84562.800614                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84569.892202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84569.892202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84569.892202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84569.892202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        396293                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       198149                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197793                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       594442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       594442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 594442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12704064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12704064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12704064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            198148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  198148    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              198148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           467362500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1069874500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       462995                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       231500                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          559                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            230657                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2504                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          427147                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              841                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             841                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       230656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       694493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                694493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14953600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14953600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          198153                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     22528                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           429650                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001324                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036367                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 429081     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    569      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             429650                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          233649500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         347247000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
