
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                61069376500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 433186                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   805665                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               45674817                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   334.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   144797586                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     269303002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         255232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             255424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       248384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          248384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16717511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16730087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        16268972                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             16268972                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        16268972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16717511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             32999060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3991                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3881                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3991                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3881                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 255424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  247424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  255424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               248384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15266791000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3991                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3881                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    103.645434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.857834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   133.767065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4129     85.12%     85.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          350      7.22%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          131      2.70%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           72      1.48%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           64      1.32%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           35      0.72%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      0.56%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           26      0.54%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.313364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.253930                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.587992                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                1      0.46%      0.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               13      5.99%      6.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17                8      3.69%     10.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              157     72.35%     82.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19               15      6.91%     89.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20                9      4.15%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21                5      2.30%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22                3      1.38%     97.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24                1      0.46%     97.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25                4      1.84%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::29                1      0.46%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.815668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.805941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.571818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               19      8.76%      8.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.92%      9.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              196     90.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    333768500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               408599750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     83630.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               102380.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        16.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     16.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       61                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2944                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                75.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1939378.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 17892840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  9510270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                14522760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               10455660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1182567360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            498235860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             48792960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2863335150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2124350400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        685252860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7456120770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            488.370519                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14038186000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     82249750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     502070000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2233562250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5532285750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     637865375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6279311000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 16750440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8899275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                13972980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                9724860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1135854720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            445378620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             45322080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2898723600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1984466880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        770237460                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7330053615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            480.113211                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14168550125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     73039000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     482016000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2646258500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5168007625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     541264500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6356758500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13151420                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13151420                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1065660                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10882632                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1010901                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            210802                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10882632                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3600961                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7281671                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       773420                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10086137                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7568938                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       134833                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        47099                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8958542                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15614                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9668186                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59664548                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13151420                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4611862                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19711844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2150724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        70708                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8942928                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               263258                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.739109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.577714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12341099     40.42%     40.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  858603      2.81%     43.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1239624      4.06%     47.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1411358      4.62%     51.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1149615      3.76%     55.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1116295      3.66%     59.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1012249      3.32%     62.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  898489      2.94%     65.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10507100     34.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.430704                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.953992                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8568858                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4307996                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15624573                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               957643                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1075362                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108702118                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1075362                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9336288                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3249768                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          4563                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15754677                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1113774                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103662133                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 73123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    68                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                988065                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110127127                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260953627                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155913887                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3269757                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             68666027                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41461169                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               998                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   970649                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            12016681                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8983435                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           520683                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          224321                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93434913                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              61728                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83283529                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           460319                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29115830                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42640665                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         61704                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.727528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.521089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9737106     31.89%     31.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2877916      9.43%     41.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3069541     10.05%     51.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3143522     10.30%     61.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3157001     10.34%     72.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2794782      9.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3073535     10.07%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1655391      5.42%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1025638      3.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 803900     73.06%     73.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                13483      1.23%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                107384      9.76%     84.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                86369      7.85%     91.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              313      0.03%     91.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           88815      8.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           519515      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62898896     75.52%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               53620      0.06%     76.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                89017      0.11%     76.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1192384      1.43%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10220727     12.27%     90.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7620153      9.15%     99.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         405061      0.49%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        284156      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83283529                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.727505                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1100264                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013211                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         194641867                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119467901                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77782206                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            4020206                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3145706                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1824208                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81835692                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2028586                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1302246                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4232115                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         9972                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2684                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2591919                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          126                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1075362                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3303479                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 3350                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93496641                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            14953                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             12016681                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8983435                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             21674                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   222                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2918                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2684                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        293079                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1119845                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1412924                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80741662                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10079695                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2541867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17640813                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8692064                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7561118                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.644260                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80215697                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79606414                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55556740                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87145997                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.607081                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637513                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29116274                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1074668                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26160886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.460959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.739837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9307487     35.58%     35.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3782886     14.46%     50.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2675727     10.23%     60.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3599901     13.76%     74.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1118061      4.27%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1122435      4.29%     82.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       797800      3.05%     85.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       477097      1.82%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3279492     12.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26160886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34015469                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              64380877                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14176100                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7784572                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7427457                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1333548                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 63379140                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              473628                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       265591      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48813435     75.82%     76.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          40787      0.06%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           77616      0.12%     76.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1007348      1.56%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7502746     11.65%     89.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6391528      9.93%     99.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       281826      0.44%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         64380877                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3279492                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116378545                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191452288                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             24                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            257                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34015469                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     64380877                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.897671                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.897671                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.113994                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.113994                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               116808313                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62328602                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2569112                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1270862                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40306452                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21188714                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35506569                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             478620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            83.909537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60181284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60181284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8643750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8643750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6391359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6391359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15035109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15035109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15035109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15035109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    271301000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    271301000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    489600500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    489600500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    760901500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    760901500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    760901500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    760901500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8649118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8649118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6394777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6394777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15043895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15043895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15043895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15043895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50540.424739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50540.424739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 143241.808075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143241.808075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86603.858411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86603.858411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86603.858411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86603.858411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4431                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4431                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    158268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    481309500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    481309500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    639577500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    639577500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    639577500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    639577500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67809.768638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67809.768638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142821.810089                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142821.810089                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112127.892707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112127.892707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112127.892707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112127.892707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              79379                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           228.757925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1011                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35772059                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35772059                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8942572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8942572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8942572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8942572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8942572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8942572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4796500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4796500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4796500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4796500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4796500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4796500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8942928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8942928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8942928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8942928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8942928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8942928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13473.314607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13473.314607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13473.314607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13473.314607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13473.314607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13473.314607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4395000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4395000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4395000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4395000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4395000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4395000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12665.706052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12665.706052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12665.706052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12665.706052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12665.706052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12665.706052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3996                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        3884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.971972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      196.160043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       195.961203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     15991.878754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.011973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.011961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.976067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    100780                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   100780                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4431                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4431                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          347                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              347                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            344                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                344                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1708                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1708                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1716                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2060                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3363                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3363                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          625                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             625                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    476260000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     476260000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       262500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       262500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136615500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    136615500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       262500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    612875500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        613138000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       262500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    612875500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       613138000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4431                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4431                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          347                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          347                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3371                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3371                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          347                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            347                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2333                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2333                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997627                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997627                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008646                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.008646                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.267895                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.267895                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.008646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.699158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.659560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.008646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.699158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.659560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141617.603330                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141617.603330                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        87500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 218584.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 218584.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 153679.914744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153630.167878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 153679.914744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153630.167878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3881                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3881                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          625                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          625                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    442630000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442630000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       232500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       232500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    130365500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130365500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       232500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    572995500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    573228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       232500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    572995500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    573228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.267895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.699158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.659560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.699158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.659560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 131617.603330                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131617.603330                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        77500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 208584.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208584.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        77500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 143679.914744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143630.167878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        77500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 143679.914744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143630.167878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7900                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3909                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3881                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               28                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       503808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       503808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  503808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3991    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            24427000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21943000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12102                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6048                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             87                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           87                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8312                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1388                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 18153                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       648640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 693056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3996                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    248384                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.008759                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.093183                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9959     99.12%     99.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     88      0.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10829000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            520500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8556000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
