
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               503822356125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2895452                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  5471145                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               38835066                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   393.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1138297409                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2150887243                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         259008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             259008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3639                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3639                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16964837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16964837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        15254520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             15254520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        15254520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16964837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             32219356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4048                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3639                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4048                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3639                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 259072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  232384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  259072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               232896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15275452000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4048                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3639                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    104.418190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.708428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   146.041085                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4108     87.29%     87.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          249      5.29%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          121      2.57%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           50      1.06%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           46      0.98%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           43      0.91%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      0.53%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           28      0.59%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           36      0.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.823529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.603731                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.389092                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             8      3.92%      3.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           114     55.88%     59.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            57     27.94%     87.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23             8      3.92%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             3      1.47%     93.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             4      1.96%     95.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             5      2.45%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             1      0.49%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             3      1.47%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-45             1      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.799020                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.788358                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.598684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20      9.80%      9.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.49%     10.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              183     89.71%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    331281000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               407181000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   20240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     81838.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               100588.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        15.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     15.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       64                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2908                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1987179.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 16871820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  8967585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                14465640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                9119340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1165972080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            469658910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             48492000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3034230270                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1892291040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        761707200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7422599505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.174900                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14109699000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     81966000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     494754375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2527656250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4927902250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     580924750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6654140500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 16736160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8891685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                14429940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                9834480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1100820240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            449823480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             45529920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2683554300                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2050250400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        827750880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7208612445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            472.158902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14160217000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     73529250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     467100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2935922250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5339277000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     566497875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5885017750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13229235                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13229235                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1033471                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11054717                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 970753                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            204673                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11054717                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3764276                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7290441                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       735677                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10084390                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7640760                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       121637                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        35335                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9008040                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        16402                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9704842                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59628672                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13229235                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4735029                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19708200                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2085592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                9115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        69461                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8991638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               246490                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.733212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.572239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12325032     40.36%     40.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  854571      2.80%     43.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1273171      4.17%     47.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1425393      4.67%     52.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1129594      3.70%     55.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1133701      3.71%     59.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1051082      3.44%     62.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  913996      2.99%     65.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10427874     34.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433253                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.952817                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8661629                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4167690                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15728008                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               934291                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1042796                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108695919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1042796                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9409072                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3092324                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         18455                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15854576                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1117191                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103818217                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 73871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    74                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                981743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110488268                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            261540856                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       156023383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3156425                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70648840                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                39839470                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1224                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1560                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1003553                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11889894                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8966785                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           501153                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          199391                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93984677                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              56767                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 84366915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           437823                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       27908900                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40489935                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         56743                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.763011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.514863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9464083     30.99%     30.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2877795      9.42%     40.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3143957     10.30%     50.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3178798     10.41%     61.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3223694     10.56%     71.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2819034      9.23%     80.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3148443     10.31%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1644672      5.39%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1033938      3.39%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 819722     73.55%     73.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                15406      1.38%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                103474      9.28%     84.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                88259      7.92%     92.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              936      0.08%     92.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           86691      7.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           504306      0.60%      0.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63955962     75.81%     76.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               76282      0.09%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87736      0.10%     76.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1182212      1.40%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10210197     12.10%     90.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7682700      9.11%     99.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         391303      0.46%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        276217      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              84366915                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.762986                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1114488                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013210                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         196863136                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118911575                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79063466                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3957426                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3039883                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1801535                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82979443                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1997654                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1310894                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3970337                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11143                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2489                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2473242                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           81                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1042796                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3145617                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 3590                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           94041444                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            18884                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11889894                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8966785                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             20181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   207                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3255                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2489                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        296370                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1072722                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1369092                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81941501                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10077187                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2425421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17710718                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8910487                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7633531                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.683555                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      81423562                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80865001                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56492543                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88650356                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.648300                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637251                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       27909412                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1042079                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26350514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.509726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.750013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9110235     34.57%     34.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3848149     14.60%     49.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2705994     10.27%     59.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3675878     13.95%     73.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1136146      4.31%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1183026      4.49%     82.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       833851      3.16%     85.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       475891      1.81%     87.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3381344     12.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26350514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34916534                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              66132580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14413107                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7919564                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7686116                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1349025                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 65119217                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              479124                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       268672      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        50297026     76.05%     76.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          56216      0.09%     76.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           78519      0.12%     76.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1019040      1.54%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7634468     11.54%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6493543      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       285096      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         66132580                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3381344                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   117011162                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  192350143                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             27                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            274                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34916534                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     66132580                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.874505                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.874505                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.143504                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.143504                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               118727632                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               63299116                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2543926                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1255440                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41525732                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21700090                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35980662                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5619                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             487960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5619                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            86.841075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          514                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60602399                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60602399                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8647415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8647415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6493354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6493354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15140769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15140769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15140769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15140769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    299493500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299493500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    479592500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    479592500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    779086000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    779086000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    779086000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    779086000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8652384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8652384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6496811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6496811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15149195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15149195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15149195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15149195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60272.388811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60272.388811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 138730.835985                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 138730.835985                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92462.140992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92462.140992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92462.140992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92462.140992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2805                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2805                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    167390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    472264000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    472264000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    639654000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    639654000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    639654000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    639654000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76294.439380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76294.439380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 137806.828130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137806.828130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113797.189112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113797.189112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113797.189112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113797.189112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1474                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             205086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           139.135685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1000                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35968027                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35968027                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8990124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8990124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8990124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8990124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8990124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8990124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19394000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19394000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8991638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8991638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8991638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8991638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8991638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8991638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12809.775429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12809.775429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12809.775429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12809.775429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12809.775429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12809.775429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17691500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17691500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17691500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17691500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17691500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17691500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11994.237288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11994.237288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11994.237288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11994.237288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11994.237288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11994.237288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4047                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4047                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.192488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       50.396488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        24.937970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16308.665543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    117479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   117479                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4288                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4288                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1474                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1474                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1474                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1474                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1567                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1567                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1474                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3422                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3422                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          626                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             626                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4048                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4048                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    467129500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     467129500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    147460000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    147460000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    614589500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        614589500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    614589500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       614589500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4288                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4288                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1474                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1474                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3427                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3427                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1474                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1474                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2193                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2193                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998541                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998541                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285454                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.285454                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.720285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.570623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.720285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.570623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 136507.744009                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136507.744009                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 235559.105431                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 235559.105431                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 151825.469368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151825.469368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 151825.469368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151825.469368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3639                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3639                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            6                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             6                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3422                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3422                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          626                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          626                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    432919500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    432919500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    141200000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141200000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    574119500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    574119500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    574119500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    574119500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.720285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.570623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.720285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.570623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 126510.666277                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126510.666277                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 225559.105431                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225559.105431                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141827.939723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141827.939723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141827.939723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141827.939723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8091                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4043                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                626                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3639                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           626                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       491904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       491904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  491904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4049    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            23666000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22284000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        14189                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7093                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           11                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             11                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3668                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7927                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1474                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1739                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3427                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3426                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2193                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 21283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       188672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       634048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 822720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4048                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    232960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            11143                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.044392                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  11121     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     22      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              11143                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           12856500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2212500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8429000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
