
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10794012296375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               64285353                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                120261031                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              156026611                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    97.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6290377151                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11767647757                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9990464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10009920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9912768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9912768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154887                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154887                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1274354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654368168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             655642522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1274354                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1274354                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649279136                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649279136                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649279136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1274354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654368168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1304921657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156406                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154887                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156406                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154887                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10009984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9912832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10009984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9912768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267350000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156406                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154887                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    728.282800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   568.579944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   359.352072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1955      7.15%      7.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2503      9.15%     16.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1884      6.89%     23.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1640      6.00%     29.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1324      4.84%     34.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1567      5.73%     39.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1452      5.31%     45.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1386      5.07%     50.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13644     49.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.169665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.121567                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.564806                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               4      0.04%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             26      0.27%      0.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            83      0.86%      1.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9388     97.06%     98.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           128      1.32%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            22      0.23%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            10      0.10%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             3      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.012716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.011406                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.222177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9636     99.62%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      0.09%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.12%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2883753750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5816366250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  782030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18437.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37187.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       655.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    655.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142912                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141026                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49044.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98153580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52166070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               559668900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404487360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         739411920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1494266970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61377600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2090183160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       289945920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1603316580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7393063710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            484.240327                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11830496500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     40078500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     313356000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6491605750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    755038500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3083413125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4583852250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97168260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51646155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557062800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              404043660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         746172960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1506056280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65659200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2066870730                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       321457920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1588114860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7404252825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.973206                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11745756000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     48172500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316258000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6423857625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    837195250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3109301750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4532559000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1306491                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1306491                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6090                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1298562                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3469                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               741                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1298562                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1265495                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33067                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4298                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     345272                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1293306                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          669                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2624                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47148                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          225                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             67843                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5708719                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1306491                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1268964                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30433316                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12690                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          957                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    46997                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1758                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.377379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.647396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28842018     94.54%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39106      0.13%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42098      0.14%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224034      0.73%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26452      0.09%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8391      0.03%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8685      0.03%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24448      0.08%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1293361      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042787                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.186958                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  414309                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28644601                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   630324                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               813014                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6345                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11453142                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6345                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  687836                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 217905                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12031                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1168749                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28415727                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11422058                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1328                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 16780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28125987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14559159                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24139542                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13109910                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           298991                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14312901                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  246298                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               150                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4958556                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              354687                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1300415                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20467                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           17671                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11365777                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                753                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11308775                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1824                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         158792                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       230622                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           643                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.370675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.246653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27440284     89.94%     89.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             470140      1.54%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             552730      1.81%     93.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             346463      1.14%     94.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             329941      1.08%     95.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1058216      3.47%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117345      0.38%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             168920      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24554      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72419     94.39%     94.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  465      0.61%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   697      0.91%     95.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  192      0.25%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2763      3.60%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             188      0.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4119      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9581995     84.73%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  84      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  274      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              79884      0.71%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              301485      2.67%     88.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1256379     11.11%     99.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46370      0.41%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38185      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11308775                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.370358                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76724                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006784                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52836606                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11322988                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11107039                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             368090                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            202506                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       180378                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11195674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 185706                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2055                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21701                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          183                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11822                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           18                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          569                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6345                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  52593                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               130279                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11366530                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              726                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               354687                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1300415                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               341                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   364                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               129748                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           183                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1684                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6013                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7697                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11294420                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               345119                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14360                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1638407                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1281721                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1293288                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.369888                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11290359                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11287417                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8245841                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11559639                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.369659                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.713330                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         159011                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6215                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30483074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.367672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.270847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27504716     90.23%     90.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       338156      1.11%     91.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322814      1.06%     92.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1142518      3.75%     96.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        67494      0.22%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       722149      2.37%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72031      0.24%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22055      0.07%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       291141      0.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30483074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5537960                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11207758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1621581                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       332986                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1275494                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    176800                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11113508                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2235      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9505647     84.81%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78009      0.70%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         288791      2.58%     88.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1250917     11.16%     99.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44195      0.39%     99.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11207758                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               291141                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41558702                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22759491                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            245                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26095                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5537960                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11207758                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.513707                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.513707                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.181366                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.181366                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12904669                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8569618                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   278446                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  141527                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6395051                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5693227                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4208564                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156153                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1483274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.498850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6679209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6679209                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       338641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         338641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1133718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1133718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1472359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1472359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1472359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1472359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154884                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154884                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    322159500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    322159500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13979849497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13979849497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14302008997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14302008997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14302008997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14302008997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       342162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       342162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1288602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1288602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1630764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1630764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1630764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1630764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120195                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.120195                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91496.591877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91496.591877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90260.126914                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90260.126914                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90287.610852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90287.610852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90287.610852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90287.610852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13475                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1263                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    88.651316                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   631.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133040500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133040500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13824580497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13824580497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13957620997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13957620997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13957620997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13957620997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120191                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120191                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104100.547731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104100.547731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89261.099039                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89261.099039                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89382.546921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89382.546921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89382.546921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89382.546921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              560                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1017.999102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              16972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            30.307143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1017.999102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           188550                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          188550                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55222500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55222500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55222500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55222500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55222500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55222500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        46997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        46997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        46997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        46997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        46997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80499.271137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80499.271137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80499.271137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80499.271137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80499.271137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80499.271137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37559500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37559500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37559500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37559500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37559500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37559500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66831.850534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66831.850534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66831.850534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66831.850534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66831.850534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66831.850534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156893                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.162975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.319820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16296.517205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          956                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5811                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2664181                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2664181                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155226                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155226                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          560                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              560                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            256                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                256                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  52                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154859                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154859                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          304                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              304                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1243                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1243                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156102                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156406                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13592036500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13592036500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34014000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     34014000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    130684500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    130684500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13722721000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13756735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13722721000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13756735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155226                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155226                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          560                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          560                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154876                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154876                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          560                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            560                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1278                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1278                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542857                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.542857                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972613                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.972613                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.542857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.542857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87770.400816                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87770.400816                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111888.157895                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111888.157895                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105136.363636                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105136.363636                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111888.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87908.681503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87955.289439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111888.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87908.681503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87955.289439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154887                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154887                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          304                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          304                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1243                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1243                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12043456500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12043456500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30974000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30974000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    118254500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118254500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30974000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12161711000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12192685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30974000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12161711000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12192685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.542857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77770.465391                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77770.465391                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101888.157895                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101888.157895                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95136.363636                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95136.363636                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101888.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77908.745564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77955.353375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101888.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77908.745564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77955.353375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312687                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156291                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154859                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154858                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19922688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19922688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19922688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156406                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156406    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156406                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           932735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          822599500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313431                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156713                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           92                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            707                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          707                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1840                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310113                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154876                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           562                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1278                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        71680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19928256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19999936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156895                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9912896                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313611                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050411                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312812     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    799      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313611                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312501500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            843000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234232496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
