
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10458130725625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66895460                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                124937168                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              165571308                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    92.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6168433539                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11520464520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10045184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10064704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9966848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9966848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1278546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657952288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             659230834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1278546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1278546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652821337                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652821337                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652821337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1278546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657952288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1312052171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157260                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155732                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157260                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155732                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10064640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9966144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10064640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9966848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267434000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157260                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155732                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    735.831894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   574.028479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   359.877350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2009      7.38%      7.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2340      8.60%     15.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1931      7.09%     23.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1463      5.37%     28.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1355      4.98%     33.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1409      5.18%     38.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1183      4.35%     42.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1591      5.84%     48.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13940     51.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.166238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.120018                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.568971                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               1      0.01%      0.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             38      0.39%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            82      0.84%      1.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9436     97.01%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           130      1.34%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            22      0.23%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             3      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.188118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9700     99.72%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                7      0.07%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2882612000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5831237000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  786300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18330.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37080.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       659.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    659.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143687                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142073                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48778.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97689480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51926985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562225020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406377000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         746172960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1500905760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             60930720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2081736330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       313472160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1592052240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7413488655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.578146                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11783639250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42565250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     316192000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6435663875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    816352000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3091474500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4565096500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96675600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51380505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               560618520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              406486620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748016880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1507739490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             67528800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2064510360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       331855680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1580251620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7415064075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.681335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11785034000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     54346000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6393401500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    864215000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3110916250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4527445375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1246168                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1246168                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6326                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1238616                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3484                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               711                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1238616                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1204376                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           34240                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4416                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     345757                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1231964                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          729                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2630                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      48080                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          220                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             69485                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5471028                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1246168                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1207860                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30430842                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13140                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 116                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          791                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47941                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1792                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30507823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.361635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.612216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28900899     94.73%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39386      0.13%     94.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   41962      0.14%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224119      0.73%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26598      0.09%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8686      0.03%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8727      0.03%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24715      0.08%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1232731      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30507823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040812                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.179174                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  387727                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28730188                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   629307                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               754031                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6570                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10971682                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6570                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  658455                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 229022                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13124                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1111479                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28489173                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10939575                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1406                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 16426                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28202818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13957848                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23116316                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12568271                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           300738                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13699244                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  258604                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               140                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4714019                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355595                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1239333                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20230                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           14871                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10880870                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                716                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10821758                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1812                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         164758                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       238871                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           606                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30507823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.354721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.223731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27559888     90.34%     90.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             476171      1.56%     91.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             517540      1.70%     93.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348333      1.14%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             302521      0.99%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             987477      3.24%     98.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117785      0.39%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             173535      0.57%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24573      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30507823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72564     94.41%     94.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  476      0.62%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   705      0.92%     95.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  192      0.25%     96.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2736      3.56%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             186      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4147      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9155606     84.60%     84.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  87      0.00%     84.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  271      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              79926      0.74%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              301891      2.79%     88.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1195083     11.04%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46561      0.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38186      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10821758                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.354409                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76859                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007102                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51861579                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10842439                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10619054                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             368431                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            204086                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       180403                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10708619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 185851                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2031                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22611                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          189                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12107                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           12                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          484                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6570                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  51006                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               141396                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10881586                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              739                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355595                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1239333                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               321                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   349                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               140867                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           189                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1744                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6201                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7945                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10806759                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               345600                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14999                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1577548                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1220606                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1231948                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.353917                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10802596                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10799457                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7883264                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11003139                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.353678                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716456                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         165005                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6432                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30481536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.351584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.249388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27623962     90.63%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       343715      1.13%     91.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324617      1.06%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1076452      3.53%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        72347      0.24%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       650738      2.13%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72100      0.24%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        21995      0.07%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       295610      0.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30481536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5292494                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10716828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1560210                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       332984                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1214130                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    176798                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10622580                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9076090     84.69%     84.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78008      0.73%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         288790      2.69%     88.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1189548     11.10%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44194      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10716828                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               295610                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41067759                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21790415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            255                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26865                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5292494                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10716828                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.769433                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.769433                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.173327                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.173327                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12355990                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8204200                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   278299                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  141543                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6089366                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5449619                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4025830                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           157005                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1410619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           157005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.984548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6436769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6436769                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1071509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1071509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1410614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1410614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1410614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1410614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    322118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    322118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14039677997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14039677997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14361795997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14361795997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14361795997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14361795997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       342705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       342705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1227236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1227236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1569941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1569941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1569941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1569941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126892                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126892                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89477.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89477.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90155.708368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90155.708368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90140.377946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90140.377946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90140.377946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90140.377946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11255                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    75.536913                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       156061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           156061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       157009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       157009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       157009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       157009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    134181000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134181000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13883437497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13883437497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14017618497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14017618497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14017618497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14017618497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126887                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126887                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104096.974399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104096.974399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89156.418553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89156.418553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89279.076340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89279.076340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89279.076340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89279.076340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              552                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.004930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              87469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           158.458333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.004930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           192320                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          192320                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        47257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          47257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        47257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           47257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        47257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          47257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52204499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52204499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52204499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     52204499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52204499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     52204499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76322.366959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76322.366959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76322.366959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76322.366959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76322.366959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76322.366959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          552                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              552                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66924.460432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66924.460432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66924.460432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66924.460432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66924.460432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66924.460432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157727                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       45.911759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        29.850794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16308.237446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          956                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9557                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5764                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2678535                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2678535                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       156061                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           156061                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          551                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              551                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            247                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                247                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            33                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                33                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   50                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 247                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  50                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     297                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155699                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155699                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          305                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              305                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1256                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1256                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               305                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156955                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157260                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13649605000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13649605000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33763500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     33763500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    131840500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    131840500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33763500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13781445500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13815209000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33763500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13781445500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13815209000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       156061                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       156061                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          551                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          551                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          552                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            552                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           157005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          157005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.552536                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.552536                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.974399                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.974399                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.552536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.552536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87666.619567                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87666.619567                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110700                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       110700                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104968.550955                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104968.550955                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87805.074703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87849.478571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87805.074703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87849.478571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155732                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155732                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155699                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155699                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          305                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          305                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1256                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1256                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12092615000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12092615000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30713500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30713500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    119280500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119280500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30713500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12211895500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12242609000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30713500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12211895500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12242609000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.552536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.552536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.974399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.552536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.552536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77666.619567                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77666.619567                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100700                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100700                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94968.550955                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94968.550955                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77805.074703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77849.478571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77805.074703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77849.478571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314397                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157148                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1561                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1561                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20031488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20031488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20031488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157260                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157260    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157260                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           937845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          827106000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315122                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157557                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           81                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            667                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          667                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2939                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           556                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       471023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472683                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        70656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20036224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20106880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157731                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9967104                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315292                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048650                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314544     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    748      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315292                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314174000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            834000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235509999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
