
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10351259316750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               98340598                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                183428748                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              246102523                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    62.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6100705429                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11379278505                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           5760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       14955072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           14960832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         5760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          5760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       612096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          612096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              90                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          233673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              233763                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          9564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               9564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            377276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         979546402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             979923677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       377276                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           377276                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        40091845                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             40091845                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        40091845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           377276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        979546402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1020015523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      233764                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       9564                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    233764                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     9564                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               14959744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  612352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                14960896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               612096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             14600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             14455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             14605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             14651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             14659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             14592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             14800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             14908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             14840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             14735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            14580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            14557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            14485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            14401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            14404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            14474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267550500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                233764                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 9564                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  161654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   71675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        38470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    404.813725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   227.766625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   399.845172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10633     27.64%     27.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11694     30.40%     58.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2265      5.89%     63.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          913      2.37%     66.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          731      1.90%     68.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1336      3.47%     71.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          724      1.88%     73.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          492      1.28%     74.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9682     25.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        38470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     176.352843                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.722822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1766.478292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          591     98.83%     98.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.17%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            1      0.17%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            3      0.50%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            1      0.17%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34816-36863            1      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              598    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3695679500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8078417000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1168730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15810.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34560.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       979.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        40.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    979.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     40.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         7.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     7.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.47                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   196408                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    8450                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 84.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      62744.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    84.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                138637380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 73714080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               837307800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               26517600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1019073120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1434186690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             59082240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3852830640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       282826080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        699859020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8424036090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            551.768272                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11968321125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     37597000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     431440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2782620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    736486500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2829905000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8449295625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                135938460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 72279570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               831638640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               23427360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1018458480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1414447590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             57944640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3866683350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       286735200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        701224920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8408778210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            550.768892                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12014620125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     36179250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     431186000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2788312250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    746758000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2785358750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8479549875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1774784                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1774784                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             8634                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1594899                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 136387                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               965                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1594899                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            615476                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          979423                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         2509                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1786968                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     214790                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        24174                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          224                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     950144                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          654                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            959701                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       7052528                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1774784                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            751863                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29548403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  17708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1246                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         5971                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   949506                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  855                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      2                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30524308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.436436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.655105                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28237513     92.51%     92.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   73288      0.24%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  162831      0.53%     93.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  266966      0.87%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  153553      0.50%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  329673      1.08%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  270325      0.89%     96.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                    3753      0.01%     96.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1026406      3.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30524308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.058124                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.230968                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  363318                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28484929                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   940949                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               726258                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8854                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              13092789                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8854                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  769775                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25404817                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          1698                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1245723                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3093441                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              13054076                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 9158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1912627                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 29442                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                945312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           17099703                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             34021756                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        18631418                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            80140                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             16307933                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  791676                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                32                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            40                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4729883                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1858749                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             218487                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads              487                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores             523                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  13005182                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                445                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 12739140                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1118                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         607669                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1208244                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           443                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30524308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.417344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.297524                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26358192     86.35%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1509941      4.95%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             467569      1.53%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             509178      1.67%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             749349      2.45%     96.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             274947      0.90%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             325853      1.07%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             194954      0.64%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             134325      0.44%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30524308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 130280     50.02%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  117      0.04%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                129959     49.90%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   40      0.02%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               17      0.01%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              29      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2021      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             10598303     83.19%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              130086      1.02%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  947      0.01%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               1658      0.01%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1790205     14.05%     98.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             140114      1.10%     99.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            318      0.00%     99.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         75488      0.59%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              12739140                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.417202                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     260442                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.020444                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          56108965                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13533765                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12633508                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             155185                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             79549                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        77333                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              12919896                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  77665                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          131096                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       109223                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           25                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8482                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          191                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8854                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23002894                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               943951                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           13005627                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1858749                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              218487                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               167                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                133027                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               716835                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          5246                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4536                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9782                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             12727105                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1786938                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            12037                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     2001726                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1645943                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    214788                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.416808                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      12713412                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     12710841                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  9466245                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 17138390                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.416275                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.552342                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         607812                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              2                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             8842                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30438875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.407304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.582628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27557101     90.53%     90.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       960030      3.15%     93.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       291615      0.96%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       255277      0.84%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       208383      0.68%     96.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         4052      0.01%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          636      0.00%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        63066      0.21%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1098715      3.61%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30438875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             6588519                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              12397881                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1959525                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1749521                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1626029                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     76771                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 12396527                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              130150                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          405      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        10306483     83.13%     83.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         129598      1.05%     84.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             764      0.01%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          1106      0.01%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1749345     14.11%     98.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        134548      1.09%     99.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          176      0.00%     99.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        75456      0.61%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         12397881                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1098715                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42345853                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   26097097                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             84                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          10380                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    6588519                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     12397881                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              4.634530                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        4.634530                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.215772                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.215772                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                18000987                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               10980989                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    78803                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    1659                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  9410684                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5671622                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                5239541                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           237927                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             358223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           237927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.505600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          856                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7699307                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7699307                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1074558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1074558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       200431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        200431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1274989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1274989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1274989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1274989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       580781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       580781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         9575                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9575                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       590356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        590356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       590356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       590356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  48545479000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48545479000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    779751500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    779751500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  49325230500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49325230500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  49325230500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49325230500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1655339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1655339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       210006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       210006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1865345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1865345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1865345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1865345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.350853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.350853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.045594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.316486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.316486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83586.548114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83586.548114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81436.187990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81436.187990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83551.671364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83551.671364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83551.671364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83551.671364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2604                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              127                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.503937                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             9884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       352425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       352425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       352426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       352426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       352426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       352426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       228356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       237930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       237930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       237930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       237930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19735714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19735714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    770102500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    770102500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20505816500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20505816500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20505816500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20505816500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.137951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.045589                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045589                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.127553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.127553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86425.204505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86425.204505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80436.860247                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80436.860247                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86184.241163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86184.241163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86184.241163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86184.241163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               97                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.987796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            5387547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               97                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         55541.721649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.987796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3798123                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3798123                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       949386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         949386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       949386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          949386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       949386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         949386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       949506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       949506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       949506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       949506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       949506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       949506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81016.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81016.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81016.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81016.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81016.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81016.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8243000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8243000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8243000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8243000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8243000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8243000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83262.626263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83262.626263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83262.626263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83262.626263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83262.626263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83262.626263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    233863                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1746027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    233863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      7.466025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.030265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         6.615139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16366.354596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        13702                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1056                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4041775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4041775                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9884                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             9884                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           97                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               97                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              7                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  7                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          4165                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4165                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 4254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                4254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9483                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9483                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           90                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               90                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       224191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          224191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             233674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 233764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                90                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            233674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                233764                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        60000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        60000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    754701500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     754701500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8014500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      8014500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19345373000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  19345373000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8014500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20100074500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      20108089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8014500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20100074500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     20108089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9884                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9884                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           97                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9572                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9572                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           97                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             97                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       228356                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        228356                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               97                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           237928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               238025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              97                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          237928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              238025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990702                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.990702                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.927835                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.927835                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.981761                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.981761                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.927835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.982121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.982099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.927835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.982121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.982099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79584.677845                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79584.677845                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89050                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89050                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86289.694948                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86289.694948                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86017.590746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86018.758235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86017.590746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86018.758235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9483                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9483                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           90                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       224191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        233674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            233764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           90                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           233764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    659871500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    659871500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7114500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7114500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17103483000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17103483000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7114500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17763354500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17770469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7114500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17763354500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17770469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.927835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.927835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.981761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.927835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.982121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.982099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.927835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.982121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.982099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69584.677845                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69584.677845                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79050                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79050                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76289.784157                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76289.784157                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76017.676335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76018.843791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76017.676335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76018.843791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        467514                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       233760                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             224279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           224184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        224281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       701276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       701276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 701276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     15572864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     15572864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                15572864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            233766                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  233766    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              233766                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           550358500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1223652750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              8.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       476053                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       238019                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          114                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            127                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          127                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            228454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        19448                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           97                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          452342                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9572                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9572                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            99                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       228356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       713786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                714079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15859904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15872320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          233865                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    612224                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           471892                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022358                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 471656     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    236      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             471892                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          248007500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            148500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         356891500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
