
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6442819220750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               74774370                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                138979498                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              196594056                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    77.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5806917822                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10793039305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12552384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12552384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        24384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           24384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         822172075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             822172075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1597134                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1597134                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1597134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        822172075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            823769209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196132                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        381                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196132                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      381                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12548992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   23552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12552448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                24384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     53                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267371000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196132                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  381                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.117353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.836143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.703540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41748     42.87%     42.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44333     45.53%     88.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9754     10.02%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1331      1.37%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          169      0.17%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8369.521739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8109.953285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2145.605888                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      4.35%      4.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      4.35%      8.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      8.70%     17.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      4.35%     21.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     13.04%     34.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     13.04%     47.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            4     17.39%     65.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      8.70%     73.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      4.35%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      4.35%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2      8.70%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               23    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4766551000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8443013500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  980390000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24309.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43059.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       821.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    822.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98760                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     317                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77691.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349488720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185772840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               705167820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 835200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1640005710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24052320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5177583600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        97546080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9385761330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.760580                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11607777375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9445000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509674250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    254371250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3140447500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11353406125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                345725940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183757695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               694829100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1085760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1622884050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24660480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5170714530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       116747040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     756840.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9367085115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.537301                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11644057875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9982500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF       852000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    304068750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3103037000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11339277875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1582460                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1582460                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            73144                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1234395                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  55710                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9487                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1234395                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            655969                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          578426                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        22980                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     767625                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      55468                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       144708                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          895                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1269993                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8748                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1301146                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4725254                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1582460                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            711679                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28996097                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 152374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2229                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        76240                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1261245                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7335                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     10                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30453937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.313174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.412752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28645705     94.06%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   19261      0.06%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  610207      2.00%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   30711      0.10%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  128361      0.42%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   87800      0.29%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   86297      0.28%     97.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   29408      0.10%     97.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  816187      2.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30453937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.051825                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.154750                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  662900                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28541682                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   864476                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               308692                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 76187                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7711829                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 76187                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  758770                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26988920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11255                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   999149                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1619656                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7370779                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               140848                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1036772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                565730                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8778219                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             20349834                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9763615                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            34663                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2891708                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5886507                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               260                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           320                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1995164                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1321424                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              82161                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3996                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5035                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6984706                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5181                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5034416                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5496                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4576333                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8985491                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5181                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30453937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.165312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.744582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28404504     93.27%     93.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             804449      2.64%     95.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             433395      1.42%     97.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             295155      0.97%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             295685      0.97%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              94667      0.31%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              79993      0.26%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              27033      0.09%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              19056      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30453937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  10461     63.83%     63.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     63.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     63.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1025      6.25%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4560     27.82%     97.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  261      1.59%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               76      0.46%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            20845      0.41%      0.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4126895     81.97%     82.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1317      0.03%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8921      0.18%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              13244      0.26%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              801202     15.91%     98.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              59831      1.19%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2138      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            23      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5034416                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.164875                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      16390                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003256                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40512568                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11537583                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4816963                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              32087                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             28642                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        14292                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5013445                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  16516                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4481                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       864546                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          194                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        56604                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1182                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 76187                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24486179                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               327389                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6989887                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5803                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1321424                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               82161                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1898                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18870                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               130380                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         40029                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        44452                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               84481                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4939300                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               767420                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            95116                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      822868                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  582233                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     55448                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.161760                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4849932                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4831255                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3542260                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5599099                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.158222                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.632648                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4577667                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            76184                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29790765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.081017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.520310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28731677     96.44%     96.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       492501      1.65%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       115533      0.39%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       315849      1.06%     99.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        59548      0.20%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28881      0.10%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5168      0.02%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4031      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        37577      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29790765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1208022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2413552                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        482434                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       456877                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    434189                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     10206                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2403244                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3066      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1911744     79.21%     79.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            180      0.01%     79.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7404      0.31%     79.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8724      0.36%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         455395     18.87%     98.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         25557      1.06%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1482      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2413552                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                37577                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36744407                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14647033                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            616                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          80751                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1208022                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2413552                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.276599                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.276599                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.039562                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.039562                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5038683                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4198437                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    25486                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   12697                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3015302                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1336771                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2570257                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           239077                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             353904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           239077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.480293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3378689                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3378689                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       330405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         330405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        24630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       355035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          355035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       355035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         355035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       428941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       428941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          927                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          927                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       429868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        429868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       429868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       429868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35189672000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35189672000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33845000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33845000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35223517000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35223517000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35223517000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35223517000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       759346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       759346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        25557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        25557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       784903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       784903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       784903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       784903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.564882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.564882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036272                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036272                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.547670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.547670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.547670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.547670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82038.490142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82038.490142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36510.248112                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36510.248112                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81940.309583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81940.309583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81940.309583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81940.309583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        22432                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              838                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.768496                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       190784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       190791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       190791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       238157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       238157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       239077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       239077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       239077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       239077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19368766500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19368766500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32352000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32352000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19401118500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19401118500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19401118500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19401118500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.313634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.313634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035998                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035998                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.304594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.304594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81327.722889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81327.722889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35165.217391                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35165.217391                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81150.083446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81150.083446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81150.083446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81150.083446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5044980                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5044980                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1261245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1261245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1261245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1261245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1261245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1261245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1261245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1261245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1261245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1261245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1261245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1261245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196145                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      269849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.375763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.826010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.173990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9681                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5337                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4019345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4019345                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2151                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2151                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               680                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   680                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         42266                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             42266                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                42946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    42946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               42946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   42946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195891                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195891                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196131                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196131                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23509000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      23509000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18539781000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18539781000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18563290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18563290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18563290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18563290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2151                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2151                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           920                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               920                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       238157                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        238157                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           239077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               239077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          239077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              239077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.260870                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.260870                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.822529                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.822529                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.820367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.820367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.820367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.820367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97954.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97954.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94643.352681                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94643.352681                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94647.404031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94647.404031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94647.404031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94647.404031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  381                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       381                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195891                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195891                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21109000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21109000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16580871000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16580871000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16601980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16601980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16601980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16601980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.260870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.822529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.822529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.820367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.820367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.820367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.820367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87954.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87954.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84643.352681                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84643.352681                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84647.404031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84647.404031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84647.404031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84647.404031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        392258                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196131                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195745                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       588389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       588389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 588389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12576768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12576768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12576768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196132    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           462125500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1059731000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       478154                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       239076                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          521                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             20                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           19                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            238157                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2532                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          432690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       238157                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       717231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                717231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15438592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15438592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196145                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     24384                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           435222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001243                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035300                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 434682     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    539      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             435222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          241228000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         358615500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
