
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9404683981000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              100348250                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                187024563                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              254172002                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    60.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6027611538                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11233997384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12721344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12721344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        18240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           18240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          198771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              198771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           285                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                285                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         833238833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             833238833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1194707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1194707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1194707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        833238833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            834433540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      198772                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        285                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    198772                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      285                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12719808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   18432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12721408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                18240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267435500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                198772                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  285                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.598240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.021751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.155659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39827     41.15%     41.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45171     46.67%     87.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10204     10.54%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1405      1.45%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          159      0.16%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11236.055556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10996.667187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2472.150421                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      5.56%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            2     11.11%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            4     22.22%     38.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            5     27.78%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            2     11.11%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      5.56%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      5.56%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4881262750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8607769000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  993735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24560.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43310.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       833.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    833.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   101988                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     246                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76698.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348382020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185169435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               712921860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1461600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1651967730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             23859840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5202291390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        66792480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9398155395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.572382                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11581839125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    174188750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3166525000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11407650375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                342769980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182160000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               706124580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                  41760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1632018300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24496320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5155922460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       122003040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9370230840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.743344                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11624724375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9498000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    317886750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3123335500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11307023875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1312307                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1312307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            47697                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              905496                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  28140                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4356                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         905496                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            577482                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          328014                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        12021                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     597689                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      30756                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       133310                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          661                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1141248                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         1557                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1163045                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3714017                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1312307                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            605622                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29296876                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  96422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       751                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        12825                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1139691                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4449                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30522088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.244149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.243906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29044664     95.16%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   10900      0.04%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  586614      1.92%     97.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   14788      0.05%     97.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  106161      0.35%     97.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   39512      0.13%     97.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   70035      0.23%     97.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   14285      0.05%     97.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  635129      2.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30522088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042978                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.121633                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  537238                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28997290                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   667632                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               271717                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 48211                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6089475                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 48211                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  609262                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27895925                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8290                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   794521                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1165879                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5858194                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                47746                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                940373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                185614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7005329                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             16479141                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7572079                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            28332                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2605226                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4400101                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           228                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1767530                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1088851                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              43871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2810                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2612                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5607889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2520                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3958588                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3484                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3435992                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7580549                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2520                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30522088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.129696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.645779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28832462     94.46%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             696190      2.28%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             365833      1.20%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             244455      0.80%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             244601      0.80%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              56568      0.19%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              51791      0.17%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              16127      0.05%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14061      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30522088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   6455     65.87%     65.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  790      8.06%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2230     22.76%     96.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  177      1.81%     98.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              104      1.06%     99.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              43      0.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             9517      0.24%      0.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3280804     82.88%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 366      0.01%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6362      0.16%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9992      0.25%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              616733     15.58%     99.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              32806      0.83%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1906      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           102      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3958588                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.129642                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       9799                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002475                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38427364                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9021175                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3821419                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              25184                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             25226                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10812                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3945929                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12941                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       670151                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           90                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25426                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1288                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 48211                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26413297                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               254121                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5610409                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1088851                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               43871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               949                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 11868                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                59775                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         28831                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        23658                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               52489                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3905919                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               597492                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            52670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      628240                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  475970                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     30748                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.127917                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3841825                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3832231                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2805420                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4424351                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.125504                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.634086                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3436577                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            48211                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30046883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.072367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.485288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29074787     96.76%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       456691      1.52%     98.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106334      0.35%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       295916      0.98%     99.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50603      0.17%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25225      0.08%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3374      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3097      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30856      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30046883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1088278                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2174415                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        437144                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       418699                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    397503                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7388                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2166968                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3250                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2211      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1723284     79.25%     79.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            130      0.01%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5334      0.25%     79.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6312      0.29%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         417623     19.21%     99.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         18445      0.85%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1076      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2174415                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                30856                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35627019                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   11698130                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            101                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          12601                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1088278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2174415                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             28.057802                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       28.057802                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.035641                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.035641                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3784278                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3328526                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    19350                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9630                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2546996                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1047643                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2096990                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           221760                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             214206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           221760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.965936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          819                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2660800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2660800                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       200734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         200734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       218418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          218418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       218418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         218418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       390581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       390581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          761                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          761                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       391342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        391342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       391342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       391342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34433430500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34433430500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26204497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26204497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34459634997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34459634997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34459634997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34459634997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       591315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       591315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        18445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       609760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       609760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       609760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       609760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.660529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.660529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041258                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041258                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.641797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.641797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.641797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.641797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88159.512367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88159.512367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34434.293035                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34434.293035                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88055.038807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88055.038807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88055.038807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88055.038807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16349                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              813                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.109471                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       169578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       169578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       169582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       169582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       169582                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       169582                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       221003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          757                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       221760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       221760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19441889000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19441889000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25138497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25138497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19467027497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19467027497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19467027497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19467027497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.373748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.363684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.363684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87971.154238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87971.154238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33208.054161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33208.054161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87784.214903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87784.214903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87784.214903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87784.214903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4558764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4558764                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1139691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1139691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1139691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1139691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1139691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1139691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1139691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1139691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1139691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1139691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1139691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1139691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    198775                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      237590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    198775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.195271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.898703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.101297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10702                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4304                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3744311                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3744311                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1964                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1964                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               585                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   585                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         22403                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             22403                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                22988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    22988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               22988                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   22988                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             172                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 172                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       198600                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          198600                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             198772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 198772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            198772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                198772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17582500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      17582500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18850790000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18850790000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18868372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18868372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18868372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18868372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1964                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1964                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           757                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               757                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       221003                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        221003                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           221760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               221760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          221760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              221760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.227213                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.227213                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.898630                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.898630                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.896338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.896338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.896338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.896338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102223.837209                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102223.837209                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94918.378651                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94918.378651                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94924.700159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94924.700159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94924.700159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94924.700159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  285                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       285                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       198600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        198772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            198772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           198772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15862500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15862500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16864800000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16864800000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16880662500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16880662500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16880662500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16880662500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.227213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.898630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.898630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.896338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.896338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.896338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.896338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92223.837209                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92223.837209                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84918.429003                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84918.429003                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84924.750468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84924.750468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84924.750468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84924.750468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        397534                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       198771                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198599                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           198477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        198600                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       596305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       596305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 596305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12739584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12739584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12739584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            198772                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  198772    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              198772                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           469523500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1072708250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       443520                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       221763                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          557                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            221003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2249                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          418286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              757                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             757                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       221003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       665280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                665280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14318336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14318336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          198775                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     18240                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           420535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001367                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 419960     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    575      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             420535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          223724000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         332640000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
