
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2870260695500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               88828152                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                164394840                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              246992420                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    61.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5490733597                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10161737981                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11388608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11388672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        82496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           82496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          177947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              177948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1289                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1289                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         745945589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             745949781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         5403428                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              5403428                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         5403428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        745945589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            751353209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      177948                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1289                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    177948                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1289                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11377280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   11392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   82304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11388672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                82496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    178                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267406500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                177948                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1289                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  136821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   38302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    119.231289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.856708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.192083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47455     49.38%     49.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40163     41.79%     91.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7437      7.74%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          884      0.92%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          105      0.11%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      0.03%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           80                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2213.050000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2141.108494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    571.092754                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            4      5.00%      5.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            4      5.00%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           11     13.75%     23.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           12     15.00%     38.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           16     20.00%     58.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           15     18.75%     77.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            8     10.00%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            4      5.00%     92.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            4      5.00%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      1.25%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            80                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           80                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.075000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.070826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.382364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               77     96.25%     96.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      3.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            80                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4451977250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7785164750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  888850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25043.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43793.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       745.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         5.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    745.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      5.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    81859                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1082                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 46.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      85179.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    46.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349431600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185734890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               651010920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2275920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1585830060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24654720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5226371040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       101414880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9332033070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.241418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11725980125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9766750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    264268750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3021535000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11461913625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                336829500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                178998765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               618266880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                4437000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1526810550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24748320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5259991350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       122642880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9277419645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            607.664278                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11855546750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9903250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509789375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    319372000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2892089500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11536190000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2147025                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2147025                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           117247                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1753432                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 105741                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             15970                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1753432                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            851744                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          901688                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        50606                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1122404                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     159175                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       194556                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2548                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1646252                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         9244                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1703280                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6896592                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2147025                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            957485                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28551274                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 240612                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2266                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        77304                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1637008                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                19884                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     15                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30458033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.457373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.701962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27916237     91.65%     91.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   48720      0.16%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  706894      2.32%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   73646      0.24%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  180642      0.59%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  136456      0.45%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  133123      0.44%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   54858      0.18%     96.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1207457      3.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30458033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.070314                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.225861                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  959542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27606242                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1378452                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               393491                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                120306                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11764449                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                120306                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1105438                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26155053                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         28581                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1539468                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1509187                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11217707                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               109235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1152512                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                270326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13330130                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             30365599                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        15416905                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           113102                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4971838                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 8358224                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               473                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           618                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2326332                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1797134                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             226586                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            10785                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           10580                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10422746                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              12525                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7855899                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            16513                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6319558                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11702030                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         12524                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30458033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.257925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.969060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27559196     90.48%     90.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1021340      3.35%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             585148      1.92%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             414496      1.36%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             408387      1.34%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             195683      0.64%     99.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             154850      0.51%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              71752      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              47181      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30458033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  32569     73.39%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 3487      7.86%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  7201     16.23%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  679      1.53%     99.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              427      0.96%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              15      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            42211      0.54%      0.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6374784     81.15%     81.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3687      0.05%     81.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                33117      0.42%     82.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              43503      0.55%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1178954     15.01%     97.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             170721      2.17%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           8887      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            35      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               7855899                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.257278                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      44378                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005649                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          46121384                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         16663589                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7442744                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             109343                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             91250                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        48110                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               7801712                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  56354                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           14844                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1122912                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          466                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       128675                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          158                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1276                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                120306                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23402530                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               302007                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10435271                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             8012                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1797134                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              226586                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              4493                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 23069                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                82506                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         56459                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        83116                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              139575                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7659961                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1121443                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           195943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1280593                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  887643                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    159150                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.250861                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       7533439                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      7490854                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  5503852                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  9053749                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.245323                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.607909                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6320655                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           120299                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29530043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.139371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.737807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27932175     94.59%     94.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       671458      2.27%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       197896      0.67%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       440180      1.49%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        88817      0.30%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        58759      0.20%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17238      0.06%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12799      0.04%     99.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       110721      0.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29530043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2065526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               4115642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        772119                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       674208                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    653157                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     39884                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  4075696                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               17279                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        11909      0.29%      0.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3267984     79.40%     79.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            691      0.02%     79.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           28979      0.70%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         33960      0.83%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         668284     16.24%     97.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         97911      2.38%     99.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         5924      0.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          4115642                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               110721                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    39855619                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21805222                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          76656                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2065526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4115642                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             14.783009                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       14.783009                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.067645                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.067645                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 8626790                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6473142                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    84330                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   42166                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4621048                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2199660                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3735171                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           291821                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             674644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           291821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.311842                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5072637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5072637                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       578265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         578265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        96645                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         96645                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       674910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          674910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       674910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         674910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       519028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       519028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       520294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        520294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       520294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       520294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33910514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33910514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    100596000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    100596000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34011110000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34011110000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34011110000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34011110000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1097293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        97911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        97911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1195204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1195204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1195204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1195204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.473008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.473008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.435318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.435318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.435318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.435318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65334.652466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65334.652466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79459.715640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79459.715640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65369.022130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65369.022130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65369.022130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65369.022130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        32770                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1108                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.575812                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       228451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       228451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       228472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       228472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       228472                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       228472                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       290577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       290577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       291822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       291822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       291822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       291822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18540677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18540677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     97441000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97441000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18638118500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18638118500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18638118500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18638118500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.264813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012716                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012716                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63806.417920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63806.417920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78265.863454                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78265.863454                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63868.106243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63868.106243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63868.106243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63868.106243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  4                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                    4                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6548033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6548033                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1637007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1637007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1637007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1637007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1637007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1637007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       103500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1637008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1637008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1637008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1637008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1637008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1637008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    177989                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      417281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    177989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.344420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.238181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.060380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16372.701439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1078                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9920                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4846733                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4846733                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3045                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               317                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   317                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        113558                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            113558                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               113875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   113875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              113875                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  113875                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             928                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 928                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       177019                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          177019                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             177947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 177948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            177947                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                177948                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     92106000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      92106000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       101000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16869730000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16869730000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16961836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      16961937000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16961836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     16961937000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3045                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1245                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1245                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       290577                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        290577                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           291822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               291823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          291822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              291823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.745382                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.745382                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.609198                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.609198                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.609779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.609781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.609779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.609781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99252.155172                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99252.155172                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       101000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95298.979206                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95298.979206                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95319.595160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95319.627082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95319.595160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95319.627082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1289                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1289                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           42                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            42                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          928                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            928                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       177019                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       177019                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        177947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            177948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       177947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           177948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     82826000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82826000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        91000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15099550000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15099550000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15182376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15182467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15182376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15182467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.745382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.745382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.609198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.609779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.609781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.609779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.609781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89252.155172                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89252.155172                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85299.035697                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85299.035697                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85319.651357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85319.683278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85319.651357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85319.683278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        355898                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       177952                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             177019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1289                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           176661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        177020                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       533845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       533845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 533845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11471104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11471104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11471104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            177948                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  177948    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              177948                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           421312000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          965608750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       583645                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       291823                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          172                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             81                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           78                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            290577                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4334                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          465476                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1245                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1245                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       290577                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       875464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                875467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18871424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               18871552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          177989                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     82496                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           469812                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000547                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.023654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 469558     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    251      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             469812                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          294868500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         437731500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
