
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3450419772250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              114457570                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                212019668                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              314557141                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    48.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5555310167                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10290584022                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12233664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12233664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        46848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           46848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          191151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              191151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         801296146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             801296146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3068510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3068510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3068510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        801296146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            804364656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      191151                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        732                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    191151                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      732                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12227520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   47232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12233664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                46848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267335500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                191151                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  732                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  144586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3062                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.399230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.870868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.010501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44072     45.02%     45.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43665     44.61%     89.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8745      8.93%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1222      1.25%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          138      0.14%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           46                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4129.978261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4027.923953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    881.444231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      2.17%      2.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            3      6.52%      8.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            2      4.35%     13.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.17%     15.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      2.17%     17.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            8     17.39%     34.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      6.52%     41.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            8     17.39%     58.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607           11     23.91%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      2.17%     84.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      6.52%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      2.17%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            46                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           46                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.043478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.041021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.294884                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               45     97.83%     97.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            46                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4724778000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8307059250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  955275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24729.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43479.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       800.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    801.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    93280                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     627                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79565.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                351395100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186786105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               686639520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1487700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1626447120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24459840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5192905200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        95587680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9371017305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.794857                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11637264125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9378000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    249090250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3110780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11388235875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347510940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184710240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               677493180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2364660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1606450950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24517920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5200322040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       106122720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9354801690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.732746                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11680791875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9535500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    276535250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3066706500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11404706875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1741641                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1741641                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            81364                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1388045                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  62510                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9274                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1388045                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            721411                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          666634                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        32134                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     838024                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      86287                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       156871                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1430                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1399253                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5034                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1438151                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5277033                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1741641                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            783921                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28922429                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 166004                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1965                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1184                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        42761                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1394219                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                11547                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     13                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30489492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.348588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.490202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28482749     93.42%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   34897      0.11%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  656733      2.15%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   40415      0.13%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  142074      0.47%     96.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   82632      0.27%     96.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   94908      0.31%     96.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   32911      0.11%     96.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  922173      3.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30489492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.057038                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.172821                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  749876                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28308347                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1020832                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               327435                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 83002                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8824747                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 83002                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  856713                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27068419                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         18721                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1162604                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1300033                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8442916                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                67780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1021953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                210453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1493                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10053133                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23198517                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        11301204                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            57035                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3580632                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6472574                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           449                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2010950                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1442710                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             123604                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5351                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7048                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7934180                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7027                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5770914                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8949                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4963963                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9939359                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7027                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30489492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.189276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.814389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28239379     92.62%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             849746      2.79%     95.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             460705      1.51%     96.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             315021      1.03%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             335565      1.10%     99.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             119906      0.39%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              99652      0.33%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              41151      0.13%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              28367      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30489492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  17932     71.89%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1837      7.37%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4573     18.33%     97.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  463      1.86%     99.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              123      0.49%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              14      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            24474      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4731045     81.98%     82.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1803      0.03%     82.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                17587      0.30%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              23071      0.40%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              876467     15.19%     98.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              92476      1.60%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3956      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            35      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5770914                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.188995                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      24942                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004322                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42008886                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12860928                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5502766                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              56319                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             44246                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        25530                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5742346                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  29036                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            8292                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       919592                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          303                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        71686                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           70                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1103                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 83002                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24956546                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               264908                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7941207                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5261                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1442710                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              123604                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2569                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 20576                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                59693                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         40611                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53317                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               93928                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5650514                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               837515                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           120394                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      923779                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  657822                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     86264                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.185052                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5553274                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5528296                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4086522                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6541525                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.181050                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.624705                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4964703                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            83000                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29779798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.099978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.606005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28557092     95.89%     95.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       541644      1.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       140478      0.47%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       350347      1.18%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        68461      0.23%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        38900      0.13%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10351      0.03%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6981      0.02%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        65544      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29779798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1491420                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2977310                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        575052                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       523134                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    502435                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     20804                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2956257                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                9175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6289      0.21%      0.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2362571     79.35%     79.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            367      0.01%     79.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           15247      0.51%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         17784      0.60%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         520114     17.47%     98.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         51918      1.74%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3020      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2977310                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                65544                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37656267                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   16596357                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            337                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          45196                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1491420                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2977310                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             20.473567                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       20.473567                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.048843                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.048843                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5923010                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4799118                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    44988                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   22489                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3434542                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1551748                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2869380                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           248805                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             430951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           248805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.732083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          528                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3749821                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3749821                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       377677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         377677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        50882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         50882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       428559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          428559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       428559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         428559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       445659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       445659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1036                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1036                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       446695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        446695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       446695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       446695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34747294000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34747294000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58983000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     58983000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34806277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34806277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34806277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34806277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       823336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       823336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        51918                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        51918                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       875254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       875254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       875254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       875254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.541284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.541284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019955                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019955                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.510360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.510360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.510360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.510360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77968.343509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77968.343509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56933.397683                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56933.397683                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77919.558088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77919.558088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77919.558088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77919.558088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        24636                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              824                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.898058                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       197880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       197880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       197891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       197891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       197891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       197891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       247779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       247779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       248804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       248804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       248804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       248804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19120402500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19120402500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     56933000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56933000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19177335500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19177335500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19177335500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19177335500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.300945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019743                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019743                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.284265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.284265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77167.163077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77167.163077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55544.390244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55544.390244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77078.083552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77078.083552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77078.083552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77078.083552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5576876                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5576876                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1394219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1394219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1394219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1394219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1394219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1394219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1394219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1394219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1394219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1394219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1394219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1394219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    191167                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      304912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    191167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.595003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.740941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.259059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          987                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9937                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4170207                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4170207                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2288                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2288                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               529                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   529                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         57123                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             57123                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                57652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    57652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               57652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   57652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             496                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 496                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       190655                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          190655                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             191151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 191151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            191151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                191151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49601500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      49601500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18118559000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18118559000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18168160500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18168160500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18168160500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18168160500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2288                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2288                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1025                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1025                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       247778                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        247778                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           248803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               248803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          248803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              248803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.483902                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.483902                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.769459                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.769459                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.768283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.768283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.768283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.768283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100003.024194                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100003.024194                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95033.222313                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95033.222313                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95046.117990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95046.117990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95046.117990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95046.117990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  732                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       732                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          496                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            496                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190655                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       190655                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        191151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            191151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           191151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44641500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44641500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16211989000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16211989000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16256630500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16256630500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16256630500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16256630500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.483902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.769459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.768283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.768283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.768283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.768283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90003.024194                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90003.024194                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85033.117411                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85033.117411                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85046.013361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85046.013361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85046.013361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85046.013361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        382297                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       191153                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             190657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           190414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        190655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       573450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       573450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 573450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12280640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12280640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12280640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            191151                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  191151    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              191151                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           450443500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1034404000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       497608                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       248806                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          453                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             25                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           23                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            247780                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3020                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          436952                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       247778                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       746413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                746413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16069952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16069952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          191167                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     46848                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           439970                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001093                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.033184                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 439491     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    477      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             439970                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          251092000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         373207500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
