
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3587825869375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              112442251                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                208326023                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              308263738                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    49.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5568911754                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10317737369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12273408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12273408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        46144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           46144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          191772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              191772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         803899349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             803899349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3022399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3022399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3022399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        803899349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            806921747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      191772                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    191772                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12266752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   45056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12273408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                46144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    104                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267318000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                191772                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  721                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.982994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.256196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.553099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43841     44.86%     44.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43493     44.50%     89.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8960      9.17%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1235      1.26%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          149      0.15%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           44                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4270.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4132.724605                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1021.125724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      2.27%      2.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      2.27%      4.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            2      4.55%      9.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      2.27%     11.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            2      4.55%     15.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            3      6.82%     22.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5     11.36%     34.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      6.82%     40.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      6.82%     47.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            6     13.64%     61.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            7     15.91%     77.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      6.82%     84.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            2      4.55%     88.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.27%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      2.27%     93.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      2.27%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.27%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            44                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           44                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               44    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            44                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4706689250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8300464250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  958340000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24556.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43306.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       803.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    803.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    94052                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     594                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                82.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79313.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349702920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185882895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               687060780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1341540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1621468740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24462720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5204882610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        89690880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9369802125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.715264                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11647989000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9290250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    233717500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3100049750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11414426625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348060720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184998660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               681448740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2333340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1606835700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24721440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5204356500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       102197760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9360261900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.090386                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11679599500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9809000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    266314500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3068028500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11413332125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1917940                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1917940                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            96152                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1562418                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  76092                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             11145                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1562418                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            770887                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          791531                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        38100                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     911964                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      89659                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       159513                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1577                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1504964                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7359                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1550786                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5848781                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1917940                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            846979                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28747332                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 197052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2590                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1614                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        63672                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1497605                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13586                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30464520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.387415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.570513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28262449     92.77%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   37036      0.12%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  696506      2.29%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   44034      0.14%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  156497      0.51%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   97453      0.32%     96.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   99654      0.33%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   38050      0.12%     96.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1032841      3.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30464520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.062812                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.191545                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  827681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28056688                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1140617                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               341008                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 98526                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9700174                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 98526                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  944535                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26704169                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         27330                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1282203                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1407757                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9252183                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                94347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1043602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                306964                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10996648                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25357598                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12422943                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            61422                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3575626                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7420963                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               416                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           538                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2095094                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1587921                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             132899                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             7077                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7557                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8663501                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7558                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6232741                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9389                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5694300                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11168643                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7558                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30464520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.204590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.849010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28069495     92.14%     92.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             882896      2.90%     95.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             487361      1.60%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             334774      1.10%     97.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             370130      1.21%     98.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             133822      0.44%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             111194      0.36%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              44777      0.15%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              30071      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30464520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  18464     70.78%     70.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1843      7.06%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5117     19.61%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  455      1.74%     99.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              182      0.70%     99.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              27      0.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            28211      0.45%      0.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5101990     81.86%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1967      0.03%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                17201      0.28%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              23373      0.38%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              959074     15.39%     98.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              96530      1.55%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4317      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            78      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6232741                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.204120                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      26088                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004186                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42907586                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14314769                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5921364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              57893                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             50596                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        25584                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6200794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  29824                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7624                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1057109                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          254                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        83433                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           69                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1243                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 98526                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24264697                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               294280                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8671059                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1587921                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              132899                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2787                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 24652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                89962                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         46033                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        65252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              111285                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6089297                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               911511                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           143444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1001156                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  694154                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     89645                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.199422                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5976133                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5946948                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4427684                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7012296                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.194760                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.631417                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5695462                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            98522                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29638884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.100432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.604825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28410237     95.85%     95.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       549701      1.85%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136794      0.46%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       347018      1.17%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        74906      0.25%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        40765      0.14%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9924      0.03%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6945      0.02%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        62594      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29638884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1490999                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2976703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        580268                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       530802                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    506649                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     19814                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2956693                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                8725                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5960      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2358777     79.24%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            349      0.01%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           14417      0.48%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         16932      0.57%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         527920     17.74%     98.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         49466      1.66%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2882      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2976703                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                62594                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38248455                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18172993                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            582                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          70168                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1490999                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2976703                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             20.479348                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       20.479348                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.048830                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.048830                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6326810                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5177841                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    45295                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   22625                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3582769                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1639537                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3091896                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           255113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             486095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           255113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.905411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4044353                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4044353                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       434760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         434760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        48403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         48403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       483163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          483163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       483163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         483163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       463084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       463084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1063                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1063                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       464147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        464147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       464147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       464147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35477536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35477536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58957000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     58957000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35536493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35536493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35536493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35536493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       897844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       897844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        49466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       947310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       947310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       947310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       947310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.515773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.515773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.489963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.489963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.489963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.489963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76611.448463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76611.448463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55462.841016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55462.841016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76563.013442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76563.013442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76563.013442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76563.013442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        29318                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              960                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.539583                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2387                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2387                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209034                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209034                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       254060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       254060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       255113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       255113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       255113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       255113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19214080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19214080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     57003500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57003500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19271083500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19271083500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19271083500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19271083500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.282967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021287                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021287                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.269303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.269303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75628.119342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75628.119342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54134.377968                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54134.377968                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75539.402147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75539.402147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75539.402147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75539.402147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5990420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5990420                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1497605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1497605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1497605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1497605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1497605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1497605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1497605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1497605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1497605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1497605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1497605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1497605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    191784                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      317340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    191784                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.654674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.355760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.644240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4966                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4271672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4271672                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2387                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2387                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               579                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   579                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         62762                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             62762                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                63341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    63341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               63341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   63341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             474                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 474                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       191298                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          191298                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             191772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 191772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            191772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                191772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49093000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      49093000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18142612500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18142612500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18191705500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18191705500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18191705500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18191705500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2387                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2387                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1053                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1053                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       254060                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        254060                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           255113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               255113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          255113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              255113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.450142                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.450142                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.752964                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.752964                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.751714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.751714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.751714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.751714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103571.729958                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103571.729958                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94839.530471                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94839.530471                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94861.113718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94861.113718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94861.113718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94861.113718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  721                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       721                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          474                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            474                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191298                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       191298                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        191772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            191772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           191772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44353000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44353000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16229632500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16229632500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16273985500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16273985500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16273985500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16273985500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.450142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.752964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.751714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.751714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.751714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.751714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93571.729958                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93571.729958                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84839.530471                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84839.530471                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84861.113718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84861.113718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84861.113718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84861.113718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        383537                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       191773                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             191298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          721                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           191044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        191298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       575309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       575309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 575309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12319552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12319552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12319552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            191772                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  191772    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              191772                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           451455500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1037543000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       510226                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       255114                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          475                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             21                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            254060                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3108                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          443789                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1053                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1053                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       254060                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       765339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                765339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16480000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16480000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          191784                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     46144                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           446897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001123                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.033829                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 446400     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    492      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             446897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          257500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         382669500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
